A :  Okay .
D :  .
A :  Right .
A :  Okay .
A :  Alright . Is everyone here ? Okay . This is our conceptual design meeting .
D :  Yep .
C :  Yep .
A :  And
A :  I'll just take a few minutes and uh go through the previous minutes . Um then each of you will have your presentation , um and then we will need to make a decision on the concept for the remote control .
A :  And then we'll have uh forty minutes for finishing up . Um
A :  I'll go through the mee through the minutes first . Um , we just refreshed our our uh goal of making the finest remote control available . Um we decided that , or we know that we need to use company colours , company logo . Um and
A :  our Marketing Expert uh gave us some i uh information from interviews with a hundred different remote users . Um with some statistics that backed basically what we were thinking before . People thought their remotes were ugly , um
A :  that remotes zap a lot . Um they only use uh a finite amount of buttons .
A :  Um and that they often lose the it's easy to lose a remote . Um which were all things we were thinking we would wanna make it simple . Um
A :  And uh some sort of locator . Either a button or tracking device . Um
A :  And that it should look different than what's out there .
A :  Um
A :  Kind of mixed mixed response on the speech recognition . The younger people said they wanted it , older people did not . Um uh I think we decided that
A :  um the expense was not necessarily worth it , and that it was probably a gimmick , that um would increasingly wear on the consumers' nerves . Um
A :  Then the User Interface Designer um explored some of the technical functions of the remote . Um the simple versus the um the complex . The simple one being better for a user , the complex better for an engineer . Um
A :  Um and some personal preferences that were found in that would be that it should be a user-oriented remote , something simple . Um and that we didn't wanna go with a universal remote , because uh increasing cost and increasing complexity . Um we would just have a T_V_ remote . Um and that we should also focus on the appearance of the remote . Have it s be something that looks different .
A :  And finally our um Industrial Designer uh gave us a rundown of how the remote will work . Um from energy source , um uh what we would use . Batteries because we don't wanna have a a cable . Um
A :  How that would power the remote and the lamp . If we were to to have one . Uh um the user interface then would connect to a chip , which would work with the infrared controls uh to send the signal to the T_V_ . Um
A :  I believe then we came up with a couple of ideas for what we think the design of the remote will be . Um
A :  Um something that will fit into uh easily into someone's hand .
A :  And with a , just a few buttons . Just the basics . And with a scrolling um function also .
A :  Okay and I will leave that , leave it at that . So
A :  Marketing ? We're watching trends . I suppose that you can have this .
D :  Okay .
D :  Yep . Can I have your cable please ? Thanks .
D :  Okay so I was looking at trend-watching .
D :  Um unfortunately I wasn't given too much information . I was given a brief executive summary , and then an update on some recent fashion trends that we might like to look at . And then I'll just tell you some personal preferences that I got from that .
D :  Um okay the most important finding was that the fancy look-and-feel seems to be twice as important to the users as the current functional look-and-feel design , which I think we've kind of already discussed before .
D :  Um the second most important finding was that the remote should be technologically innovative . And again these are all things we've kind of already come up with on our own , but this just backs it up . And thirdly the remote would be easy to use .
D :  As far as fashion update , we've learned that fruits and vegetables will be the most important theme for cloths , shoes and furniture . So that might be a bit of a challenge to incorporate this into our remote , but we can try .
D :  Um and also , as opposed to last year , this year the material is expected to be spongy in feel .
D :  Okay so from that um , as we've already said , we need to focus on a fancy look-and-feel . Um I think we've already discovered that it's kind of hard to go away from the traditional rectangular design . But I think that , even if it's very subtle , we need to kind of trick our consumers , so they at least get the idea that they're getting something that's new and modern and sleek and
D :  Whether it's through the shape or the colours or all of that . Um for technologically innovative , we've talked about the tracking device . We brought up the idea of having two pieces , which we could discuss further .
D :  And Manuel had suggested um the energy source and the user interface , discussing some of those , um that we could change a little bit . We need to keep it simple , have limited buttons , which I think the two piece idea might be really beneficial for .
D :  Um we need to incorporate this fashion trend of fruits and vegetables . I don't know , I mean I guess the two options are if we had our remote in the shape of a fruit or vegetable . Yeah . Yeah . Right . Or with exterior designs . But my question is , I mean the stereotypically speaking , you kind of picture males with their remote controls , and I'm not sure how they'd feel about having fruity logos on the outside . So maybe we could have something that's somewhat removable , or I don't know , different options for female , male target groups .
A :  A banana shape ?
C :  Oh it was sort of banana shaped .
D :  And then the spongy feel . I guess we could look at mobile phones and other technology that's out there . C and look at different types of material that might please our users who want spongy-feeling remote controls .
D :  So that's that .
A :  So possibly like a uh , sorry , just to butt in for a second . Possibly uh like a cover like they have for mobile phones ?
B :  Alright .
D :  That's what I was thinking yeah .
C :  Those like , yeah , sort of spongy ones .
A :  You have one with a flag , and one with a banana and one that's a spongy
D :  Yeah . So when you buy your remote you can buy
A :  feel to it . You can
D :  various coverings .
C :  What's it called ? Cust you personalised , yeah .
A :  Mm various covers .
D :  Personalise your remote .
A :  We could leave that to the cover department .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Mm-hmm .
A :  We all know they've got nothing to do all day .
C :  Okay .
C :  Why can't I see the crazy . Um yeah I talking about the interface concept and how the customer relates to , will use the , consumer will use the actual device . Um so I've looked at some of the stuff I was sent , um , try and get some inspiration . But keep in mind that our own ideas that we had .
C :  Um I was sent some information from the company saying that they , the technology department have devised a new speech recognition technology , where you can program questions into such devices .
C :  They gave an example of a coffee machine where you program a question , you program the answer , and the machine responds accordingly . Um okay . There's different ways of a user can use products l like a remote . Um there's a graphical use , where you you look at pictures and
C :  well on a screen . A command line where you obviously type things in , and you get a response . Um and then it ju that's just to point out the sort of inconsistent u sort of use of interface in remotes . You can't really see that picture well , but there's various different remotes , once again with lots of different buttons on , making it more complicated .
C :  So , then I had a look at new products that are on the market . Not necessarily remote controls but ones that you'll recognise . Um this is the voice , there is a voice recognition remote control , which can control mus multiple devices . I have a there is a picture . You surf your favourite channels uh with your voice . Store up to eighty speech samples , controls four devices , T_V_ , cable , satellite , V_C_R_ , D_V_D_ and audio .
C :  And you can record your own v verbal labels , that are connected to remote control functions . So the technology is there . Um the one on the left is very similar to what we drew up on the board in the previous meeting , where there has scroll down functions on the side . You can sort of just make those out .
C :  And then on the right is obviously an iPod , which is you know possibly one of the simplest things to use out there , and really is , and all that is is just a a nice big scroll menu that y you sort of go through . That is a
C :  possibility . And nothing's simpler really . Um then there's things like this , which is a a a kid's remote , where the the parents have the facility to control and program what children can watch before . So the remote control it o only allows them to access the channels that their parents want them to watch .
C :  And um it means that th children have a novelty of having their own remote control . So I don't know if there's a possibility of having one remote contr you know like we just had two components , maybe it can have more components you know , different remotes .
C :  Um the point made at the end there here is that you have to be sort of be need to be clear on your um devices , as to what , you know , things you use . Sometimes an arrow pointing down , which may suggest volume down , could become confused just as a V_ for volume . Just little things like that , which would need to be made clear in the design .
C :  Um I think , d carrying on from what I've already said , a user friendly remote with minimum buttons . Maybe we've so suggested this two-part thing , where if it was to have a speech recognition thing , you could maybe control that on the do it or program all that on the control bit .
C :  And then just have the simple sort of hand-held thing that we sort of devised earlier , as the actual remote . Um I don't it could be a graphical display , the actual remote contr the actual control port maybe could have like an iPod where you just sort of control through the menus . Stuff like gets more and more compli complicated . And then the the hand-held bit should be ergonomically designed . And that is it . Why am I
C :  Oh yeah .
C :  Just .
C :  Where are we ? Uh .
C :  Just to sort of show you .
C :  M they've even got things like that . Huge things . Which is just for your gr ninety year old grandma yeah ?
B :  That's industrial design for cranes , stuff like that .
C :  Yeah . Yeah .
A :  Notice the giant dog bone shape ? Also good for animals .
D :  Dunno .
C :  And that yeah .
B :  Makes sense , makes sense .
C :  Yeah . See .
C :  things .
C :  .
C :  Why's my screen crazy ?
B :  Uh
B :  Well let's see . I'm going to bore you with a
B :  couple of descriptions of the interior .
B :  Just to to make it more obvious what we have to fit in there , and that we do have to fit the stuff in there . I've more information on possible materials um as well . What we can and cannot do .
B :  Um but let's just wait for this to load up and I'll show you
B :  what we're talking about here . Okay .
B :  The details of the components' design , as you can see there , what we have is the board , main board of the remote control . The underside , that's pretty cheap piece of of technology really top left side you can see the chip , which is the , what we were talking about , this was is the device to recognise the signals the input , and it passes it on to a row of um further transistors and stuff like that on the right side that actually amplify the signal , which later on is being , is being transferred to a infrared lamp which
B :  then um of course shines infrared light onto the television which then will recognise what signal um it's getting and will do what you tell it . Um
B :  So much for the the workings of the
B :  of the uh
B :  remote control itself . Its job is to wait for you to press a key , then to translate that key press into infrared light signals , um that are received by the television .
B :  When you press a key um you complete a specific connection . The chip senses the connection and knows what button you pressed . It produces a morse code line signal specific to that button . Right . Pretty clear .
B :  Transistor amplifies the signal and then sends the m sends the signal to the L_E_D_ which translates the signal into infrared light . The sensor in the T_V_ can see the infrared light , and seeing the signal reacts appropriately .
B :  This is the circuit board from the other side . Um the lower part of it , I don't know if you can see that properly , with the green greenish board is is what we what we saw in the first the first slide just flipped over .
B :  Um you can see the circuit board itself . That's the cheapest uh way to make electronic connections basically on the market . Um what you do is you have , don't have cables , but you have the connections actually in these in these lines on the on the board .
B :  These are the actual keys that are being pressed . They close the electric circuit . That then sends the signal to the chip on the other side . That would be behind here . Um which uh sends it over to the transistors and all that stuff that
B :  amplify the signal and all that is being sent to the infrared lamp up there .
B :  Now as you can see this is the the rubber button version of it . Um the way it works is that you have the keys here . The rubber button has a little metal uh plate on the other side , which closes the circuit here . And thus gives on the signal . Now this is the simple version .
B :  Um we are talking um this this the simple and cheapest version at the same time . We are talking something more complicated of course , it's going to be more expensive as well .
B :  And not only that . Um we are also restricted in the use of our outer shell , or in the material that we could use for our outer shell . Um I've gotten some information that
B :  we could use for the case material plastic ,
B :  rubber , as well . Um rubber that is used in these anti-stress balls . So it's pretty squishy . That would that would serve that purpose . Um we could also use wood , or titanium .
D :  Spongy ?
A :  What's the approximate per hundred thousand for the titanium ?
B :  Oh fya I don't have an information on that . However our company obviously can provide us with uh with the titanium , so I assume , I'm , I was given an okay to use it . It certainly is an expensive material , I'm aware of that , but I was given an okay .
B :  But there are certain restrictions to certain materials . Now let's first go through the list with the materials . So we what we can use is plastic , rubber , wood and titanium . Can also mix these .
B :  Um as for the energy source , um we were talking about that shortly in the other meeting . Um what we could use is , or what I was offered , or what we could use , is a basic bateer battery . Right ?
B :  Uh a dynamo .
B :  Interestingly enough .
B :  Um we could use solar cells .
B :  Or a device that was not n not further specified that provides kinetic energy . Such as like watches you know . Where you just move them
B :  m move the the actual device and this pr uh provides it with with uh some energy . So um obviously
B :  I personally have to say that dynamo is out of the question really . You don't wanna wind up your remote control before you can use it right ? Um solar cell is interesting . May fail though , every here and there .
C :  Mm .
C :  Would you have to leave it by the window ? yeah .
B :  Mm . Yeah . Or you know you lose it , it lies behind the couch for a week and yeah mm .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Always the you
A :  Works well in Arizona but in Edinburgh not so
B :  But exactly . Um the kinetic energy thing um might work , um but the same problem . You leave it lying around and you first have to shake it before it it starts to work . So I'd say what we're stuck with really is um the basic battery .
D :  Y probably not yeah .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Which also makes a base station basically obsolete . We don't need that then .
B :  Um
B :  our interface options are push-buttons . In which uh in the production of which or in manufacture of which um our company is expert .
B :  Um
B :  However we've discussed that scroll wheels are a better option . And they are possible . We have an okay for scroll wheels . Okay . Um however when it comes to the scroll wheel of the iPod
B :  I've one big objection and that is that we have to fit an L_C_D_ into the remote control as well . This however may exclude certain um materials . If you have a squishy uh kind of remote control , then an L_C_D_ screen may be affected by the movement . Hence we might not be able to put it in there . So um
B :  There's also restrictions to , when it comes to the chip . If we have a more sophistic uh sophisticated scroll wheel rather than this very basic uh set-up that we that I've just presented , um the chip has to be more s more sophisticated and thus more expensive as well . I don't have any details to , when it comes to the cost but um it will be a significant difference .
B :  I'd rather say drop the titanium and therefore let's have a more sophisticated chip , but that's not up to me to decide really . So that's for the for the scroll wheel . Um it limits our choice and squishy is hip , so I'd say
B :  rather not go for for that . Let's see now . Um um solar cells cannot be used on a curved or latex um surface or um remote control . But obviously that's not our problem um since we have decided or against solar cells , I assume right ? Or is anybody still alright .
D :  Mm .
C :  Yeah .
A :  No I think I think batteries are probably the way to go .
D :  No . Hmm .
B :  Alright . Uh which makes it very conventional but therefore traditional I assume . Um
C :  Yeah .
B :  Um
B :  With the titanium um we cannot make it a curved design . We would just be able to make it flat and
B :  and um yeah a straight design pretty much . Which I assume would exclude uh some of the more sophisticated versions .
C :  Would the sort of spongy and the the plasticky thing y you can get those mobile phones that initially have a it is plastic but then they have sort of a a s a cover on it which is just sort of soft and stuff . So I don't know if that would still be possible to have you know in plastic . But then where do people hold it ? Just all be sort of spongy .
D :  Mm . Like a covering . Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
D :  The we can have the fruits and vegetables on the spongy parts , so they can remove it .
C :  So you as the the possibility of having a a graphical display on it , like a screen ? Like the iPod ?
B :  You can have an L_C_D_ screen . Um but therefore no rubber will be used . Alright ? So plastic yes , titanium yes , but this will of course influence the form . With plastic , as I understand it , you can use any form . Um latex
C :  Right .
B :  is tricky . Or rubber and um
B :  and titanium also seems to be tricky when it comes to the form . So the way to go is if you want a scroll wheel you either make it flat and angular , uh add an L_C_D_ screen , and um
B :  then you can basically choose either plastic or titanium . Or wood even . Um if you wanna make it a particular shape , use plastic .
C :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Add an L_C_D_ screen , add a scroll wheel , that'll be fine . Or make it just push-buttons . Basically plastic gives you the b biggest variety of of options . Maybe not the nicest feel . Or not much originality really .
A :  So the ru wait the rubbery we can shape it however we want ? Or the rubbery we cannot ?
B :  With rubber we could uh sh pretty much shape it the way we wanted it , but we cannot add scroll wheels , and we cannot add an L_C_D_ screen .
A :  'Kay .
A :  Mm .
D :  Mm .
A :  Mm .
B :  That's the tricky thing .
C :  Could we not you know have a shape with a scroll and the screen , and then j just sort of that initial shape we had , just which is uh sort of banana-esque . So that's thing if we did it yellow . And um you know you just p stick on just sort of rubber things that that sort of grip the thumb bit . They wouldn't have any they're just on the exterior . They wouldn't be necessary to the actual shape of the thing .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Is that an option , a plastic shell with a rubbery coating on at certain spots ?
B :  S Certainly can be done yes . Um yeah . if that doesn't affect the functional side of it all . Like say just the underside or so then it can be done . I assume . Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
B :  So
B :  The fruit design um
B :  How about um affecting the surface of the actual um remote control ?
B :  Say we don't make it p a particular fruit shape obviously , but uh give it like the surface of
D :  Mm .
B :  an orange , banana , whatever . You name it .
C :  Mm .
A :  What about a smell ? T to the remote ?
B :  Just design-wise .
B :  Mm . Nice one .
C :  You could just sell it in different colours as well I suppose . In different ye yellows . I don't suppose we have to stick to co
D :  Bright citrus colours yeah .
B :  Mm .
B :  Well we we're supposed to stick to the company colours though , that's yellow and grey . So what have we , lemon , banana , is
C :  Stick to the colours yeah .
D :  Oh yeah . Yellow and grey .
A :  Yellow and grey .
C :  Mm grapefruit .
A :  Grapefruit .
B :  Grapefruit is what we'd go for , when it comes to the outer appearance perhaps .
B :  But mm .
A :  I would say , if I were to make a decision , I would probably put the fruit aspect at the lower lower end of the spectrum of of importance .
C :  Yeah .
C :  .
A :  Um
D :  I think having a shape could be a little ridiculous , like
C :  Yeah .
B :  Well we have it banana-shaped already , kind of . So
D :  Well we kinda do yeah .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Well perhaps the implied shape will be enough to lure that fruit-minded remote buyer .
C :  Yeah .
D :  And if it's yellow ?
C :  and if it if it was done yellow , which is a company colour .
B :  Right .
A :  It's it's yellow . It's curved .
B :  I it's yellow .
D :  Grey buttons yeah .
B :  Well so why not add a couple of grey stripes and make it look like a banana ?
A :  It's sort of couple of couple of grey stripes . We could put the grey stripes on the bottom so that that person could turn it over . It would look like a banana just sitting on their table .
C :  Yeah .
C :  On the the gr the rubbery grips could be grey .
D :  Mm .
C :  Yeah .
B :  There you go .
A :  Rather than rather th
C :  It could and then you could actually h put the banana-shaped thing on the fruit bowl , on the coffee table , and then people would always know where it was .
D :  Oh .
A :  Maybe the holder , if we were to have a holder , it could be shaped like a fruit . Could be , it could be an ape or a fruit bowl . Hey we could have a variety of options here .
D :  Nice . Could look like a fruit bowl .
B :  It could be an ape .
C :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
D :  'Kay .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Do you have more to your presentation ?
B :  That's pretty much it . I informed you about the materials , what the interior has to look like , and what the limitations to certain materials are on there you go .
A :  Oh .
A :  Okay . I'm gonna plug in here real quick . If I could .
B :  Sure . Hang on . There you go .
A :  Like I said we have to make a decision on
A :  a couple of these items here . Um ow . Ow .
D :  So is the two piece idea out ? Or have we not decided ?
C :  Well we sort of
C :  rid of that because gonna use a battery . And the base station might not be necessary .
D :  Oh right okay .
B :  Well we can still design a two-piece uh remote um without having a base , having one of them be a base station , but just have it be an optional either big remote with lots of functions , or you take out the smaller piece . We can still do that .
C :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Mm .
B :  However of course this would be like designing two remotes pretty much . So um which then , as I understand it , would probably limit the , limit again the the the use of certain materials , because they would be too expensive . Say like have a scroll wheel and uh on both of them , or have an L_C_D_ screen and so on so on . You'd probably have to stick rather with a just traditional rubber button
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Mm .
B :  design which we saw there .
D :  Mm .
B :  But could be done , of course .
A :  Okay . Uh so these are the decisions that we do need to make by the end of this meeting . Um for our components concept we need to come up with the energy source , um the chip-on-print , and the case .
A :  Probably case um material . And probably a shape also .
A :  Um and then for the user interface concept we need to decide what the tape , what , what the type is . And what kind of supplements we'll have .
A :  Um
A :  Energy source I think we've , I think we've decided batteries , although not exciting , are probably our best bet .
B :  Right .
A :  And we have five minutes .
B :  Okay when it comes to the chip-on-print , as I said , the the more advanced features you want , um the fancier the chip has to be and the more expensive . Uh if you want just a normal button version , the chip-on-print is gonna be
D :  Mm .
B :  a cheap one . Right ?
A :  'Kay .
A :  So
A :  Um I guess we should pick the case then . If we go with the plasticky case , or the the plastic case , um
A :  then the chip-on-print is still kind of , we could have either or . We could have a complex one or a a non-complex . But did we decide that the rubbery feel was important enough to us ?
B :  Yeah .
D :  Well what about what you said , like putting the
C :  Just just maybe yeah . Just a little bit of .
A :  .
D :  finger grips just on top of the plastic ?
A :  Okay . So we would , we would have the L_C_D_ screen ?
B :  as long as the pla uh the rubber is nowhere near the controls , yes .
A :  'Kay .
A :  So I guess the case would be plastic , with
A :  Perhaps that's not even enough rubber to qualify as being part of it . It's more of a su it's more of a supplement maybe .
C :  Yeah .
B :  .
D :  Yeah .
B :  M more of a l lamination perhaps .
C :  Yeah .
D :  So then for the scroll , are we going for the iPod type ?
C :  Yeah I think so . I think
D :  Yeah ? Okay .
A :  Which will require a more expensive chip-on-print right ?
B :  Yes . It does .
A :  'Kay . So
A :  I guess that , is that , is that about it ? So we have a good idea of what we're gonna need to to do on this ?
B :  Right .
A :  Um okay so we will have another meeting in thirty minutes . Um
A :  Here's what's gonna be going on . Um
A :  Um Ryan you'll be working on the user interface design . Um
A :  Manuel you'll be working on the look-and-feel design .
B :  Right .
A :  Corrine we'll want a product evaluation .
A :  And the two of you get to play with the uh modelling components and uh
A :  maybe and and get us a prototype .
A :  Which should go along well with your look-and-feel design and your interface . So that basically just be working on the prototype , uh we'll accomplish your other two actions .
A :  Alright . Okay . Let's do it .
