B :  Hmm .
A :  Good morning everybody .
C :  Good morning .
D :  Good morning .
B :  Good morning .
A :  So , we are asked to
A :  to make uh uh a new remote control for television .
A :  And the characteristics of this new remote control should be original and
A :  trendy and of course user user friendly .
A :  So people can can use it without any
A :  any problem .
A :  .
A :  I don't know .
B : 
C :  Well , I think we should set the the points to to drive the project and uh
B :  Mm .
B :  B did you send us an email about this ?
A :  Uh , not yet , but if you want
B :  Yeah , we we received an email about this uh d designs .
A :  Do you want do you want me to send you a mail ?
B :  Ah it's Okay .
A :  Or
D :  Or you can put it in the shared folder .
B :  Yeah , you see the email ? You email . The v very no , no the first one . It's inside .
D :  No , I didn't get it .
A :  Uh
D :  This one . No .
B :  No , no . The third one .
B :  Oh , you didn't get anything .
D :  No , .
B :  It's strange .
B :  Mm . I got an email about the dis about the discussion . Yeah .
A :  .
A :  You get email , .
B :  I dunno from who . From the account manager . You have received the same email , right ? Yeah .
C :  Yeah , from the account manager .
C :  Yeah .
D :  I think it's for your guys to how to design it all the aspects so you need that information .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , I think so .
B :  Yeah , so each of us has a role to do .
D :  Yeah I think assign your uh roles .
B :  In each
A :  For each for each one .
B :  We already have our role .
D :  For each person , yeah .
B :  'Kay , we can
A :  So there are so we have three f yeah . We have functional design , conceptual design , and detail design .
B :  So there are three kinds of designs , that's all .
B :  Okay , alright .
A :  So , who will be the the responsible for the functional design ? Any any volunteer ?
C :  I think our uh responsibilities will be assigned when we in our mail we received from the account manager .
B :  Yeah , yeah .
B :  I'm doing the interface .
A :  You are doing th
C :  No , I'm doing the interface .
A :  .
B :  Are you using the you are doing the in
C :  Yeah I I'm I'm
C :  Well , maybe we have okay so I industrial design .
C :  It was a little confusion about my uh but it's alright .
B :  Ah
B :  Okay .
A :  Okay , I'll for industrial design .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Okay .
A :  And and you
A :  Norman ?
B :  Mm ? Um working on i .
C :  User .
B :  User interface .
A :  And
A :  And
D :  Uh , I'm into marketing . yeah nothing much in the project .
A :  doing the marketing .
A :  Nothing related here to the
D :  Marketing in this design . A design is basically for industrial design and the user interface .
B :  Yes .
B :  You see the second mail ?
B :  Yeah , it's inside . Go down .
B :  Appendix .
D :  Yeah , this is .
B :  See there's a role for everybody .
D :  Yeah , that's right , first .
B :  Even for the marketing .
D :  us user define .
B :  But look at your role , your marketing role .
A :  Next .
D :  There's a trend watching .
A :  I don't know . I .
B :  Yeah , that's your role .
C :  Well , I think we can have a little discussion about what has to be done and what are your ideas about the
A :  About the design or
A :  Maybe we'll discuss this later , no ?
C :  Well , w we want to have a new re remote control for for T_V_ distribution I guess .
A :  Mm-hmm .
C :  So we have to plan how how it would be developed and uh
D :  Yeah .
B :  Mm .
C :  how we can make it work .
B :  Yes .
D :  I mean working remotes we already have . This will be something different from the other remotes remote controls .
C :  Yeah , I dunno I
A :  What we we have to keep in mind the these characteristics . And of course it should not be very costly .
D :  Yeah , that's right .
A :  So
C :  Yeah .
B :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Well I I think that Norman and I would think about um the technical points and um we should discuss it in the next meeting , or
B :  Need to collect information .
C :  Yeah .
A :  About the about what ?
B :  Um .
B :  I I'm part of design , perhaps .
B :  Uh , what is most important in a
B :  in a remote control ?
B :  What is the most important function aspect ?
B :  Uh .
A :  You mean the external or
C :  Well , you have to make it work . That's the that's the big thing .
A :  Yeah of g of course .
B :  That's alright .
B :  Yeah , it should be easy to work with .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
C :  We can think about an interface with uh well
B :  Uh . We maybe you can have a speech uh recognition interface . You just tell the television I want which channel . Or or you can say for example , um
A :  You won't
B :  I want uh to list all the programme tonight . Y you know , instead of uh remote control it's doing the some searching for you , so you don't have to look for the channel you want . Just say maybe I just want to press I wanna have a button for all the movies tonight .
B :  Or a button for all the magazines , all the information documentary tonight . And then you list a few , and I will choose from the list . So instead of pressing the channel number , I am choosing the programmes directly . Yeah , that's one way of uh making it useful .
C :  Yeah , yeah .
A :  I I think if we include a lot of technology on the remote control it will be very costly .
B :  No , because no , it's not very a lot . Th this information exists . For example you can get um
A :  S
A :  Like s uh you you you say we can use speech .
B :  You can use uh well for example anything . The the idea of using speech to reduce the button , but uh and it's more natural . Yeah .
C :  I
C :  I think if you want t to choose uh from a list of programme or or something like that you you may have to to use uh w uh I dunno
D :  I'm a okay .
B :  Yeah . Yeah .
D :  I mean the main uh function of remote control is to have something in the hand and we should be very careful about the size of the remote control . If we are going to add a speech interface , I'm not sure with trendy slim size of the remote control it would be able to put a speech recog if you want to put a speech recognition system f interface for that I think the T_V_ itself could have it .
A :  In the hand .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Yes , possible .
B :  Yeah . But
C :  Yeah .
D :  And I could talk to the T_V_ television itself . I need not have an
A :  Except if if you are far from the T_V_ .
B :  Yeah .
D :  I mean we have some or something , different technology but
A :  This is it's
B :  Yeah , yeah . But th the main idea I wanted to s I wanted to say is that um there should be a function , instead of choosing the ch T_V_ channel , there's a option you can choose , either T_V_ channels or or pr or the or the contain or the contents of the programme . So it's more powerful .
C :  On the content .
D :  Mm-hmm , yeah .
C :  Yeah , yeah it's it's a good idea it's a good idea but I I think that technically it would be um a little bit uh uh more tricky to to achieve this than just to
A :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Yeah .
B :  No .
B :  No , because you see now all the T_V_ programmes are available on the webs . They they are they are they are available in X_M_L_ format or whatever the format . We don't care . We just say that this are some content . We just want to retrieve the content and then classi sort them by the types of programmes . Some of the websites they already provide this service , so we can just use the service available . Download it uh to the to this remote control . And then there's there are only six buttons for six categories , or sev seven . The most there are only seven buttons . So I just choose the category one and you reuse the same button , for example to to choose among the the sorted list the programme you want , so you don't have to choose among hundred channels , if you have hundred channels , you just have six buttons , seven buttons .
C :  Yeah yeah .
A :  Mm .
A :  Yeah we should also optimise the the number of buttons .
B :  Yeah , yeah .
C :  Well I I I I think that j just by using navigation buttons and the user interface on the screen we are able to uh navigate uh through the
A :  This is good idea .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Ah , yes . So .
C :  Well channel programme or contents or in an easy way , so
B :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , so you don't have to display here , just display on the T_V_ screen , right ? Good idea .
C :  Yeah in the dis display on the T_V_ screen and just uh with the with your remote control would just navigate through the f
B :  Okay .
B :  I think I think that will be revol revolutionary . Because all the T_V_ uh the the remote control have all numbers , lots of buttons and then you dunno what to choose in the end . Yeah . Alright .
C :  Yeah , yeah . So
C :  I think for for the technical points we have to to to check how to gather the data from programme or contents and all this stuff
B :  Okay .
A :  So we have five minutes to
B :  Ah w w we have sometimes to use the white-board . Five minutes .
A :  Ah you can y you can you can use it if you so , can we
D :  And another interesting idea for this would be to have an light adaptation system depending upon the picture of
B :  Okay .
B :  Okay .
D :  So , I mean , if you're watching a movie and suddenly there is a dark uh some dark scene , the lights adapt themself . The lighting in the room changes .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , but we are designing just remote control .
A :  You it .
D :  I mean , we have a option in the remote control . If we want to have that option , you press that button in the remote .
B :  Okay .
C :  Oh right so
B :  Okay , do you want to have a conceptual remote control there , or you just want to put the function in ? Go on , draw something .
A :  Yeah . If if you you you can if you want you can use th the .
C :  Please , Norman , draw uh
D :  Oh , I'm afraid you forgot to put your lapel .
B :  Mm .
B :  Where is it ?
A :  Or before the before the the design that says .
D :  The lapel .
B :  Ah , okay .
B :  Where where is it ? Here .
D :  Yeah , that one .
A :  Norman .
D :  Just plug it . Yeah , that's right .
B :  Mm .
A :  Be before before writing you can uh sit and that says what we what we said then after that you can you can use the . Yeah .
B :  Mm .
B :  Okay , alright . So so the most functional des mm the most important function is to ch choo buttons to choose the content . Right ? We agree on that , right ? Uh , uh first one is to uh buttons i or it could be anything with buttons . Uh to choose
C :  Okay .
A :  Okay .
A :  Yeah .
B :  uh content s or channels . So we have both . The user can choose w which one they want , right ?
C :  Yeah , by content or by channel , it's a good idea .
B :  By content or by channel . Choose by contents or by channels . So
B :  And then what did we say just now ?
B :  Other than this .
C :  And uh we we have to find a way how to gather information about the contents .
A :  Mm .
B :  Okay , so technically how the problems that how to do it is to how to get the content .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Challenge .
C :  I think i it's not very difficult to to browse by channel but it's a little bit tricky to browse by contents so
B :  Okay . Content . Okay , so these we have to work it out . So this one of the problem . And uh
C :  I think that's the the things to do and uh to uh
B :  The main thing .
B :  Okay . Alright .
C :  reflect about it and uh
B :  Alright , okay . So we are we'll discuss it we will get some information in the next meeting , so for now we get uh the funct this is the functional designer ? That's the first aspect . Right .
C :  discuss it in the next meeting .
B :  We will get information and then we'll come back in .
C :  Okay .
B :  .
C :  Thank you everybody .
B :  Yeah , we'll come .
A :  Okay . So maybe we'll meet in maybe five minutes ?
A :  And we'll discuss the other other aspects .
B :  Alright .
B :  Alright , okay .
C :  Okay .
B :  Thank you , mis
A :  Okay . Well thank you all .
