A :  Here we go . Welcome everybody . Um , I'm Abigail Claflin . You can call me Abbie .
A :  'S see . PowerPoint , that's not it . There we go . So this is our kick off meeting . Um
A :  and I guess we should all get acquainted . Let's shall we all introduce ourselves ?
D :  Hi I'm Chiara , I'm the um Marketing Expert . Um , would you like me to talk about my aims at the moment , or would you like me to just say my name and then we can talk about business later ?
A :  I think we'll get around to that , yeah . So this is just introductions yeah .
D :  We'll get round to that later . My name is Chiara and I'm the Marketing Expert .
A :  Okay . I forgot to s say I'm the Project Manager but I figured you all knew that already , um so .
C :  I'm Stephanie and I am the User Interface Designer .
B :  I'm Krista and I'm the Industrial Designer .
A :  Okay .
A :  Um so f here's our agenda for today . Um we're gonna do some tool training , project plan and discuss
A :  then close . Um so . So our aim is to produce a remote control that is original , trendy and user friendly . And to do this , we have to um there's certain things we have to consider about functional aspects and conceptual design of the thing . So . We'll get to that . Oh there it is . Right . Functional design , conceptual design and detailed design . So throughout our next couple of meetings we'll we'll be covering these things . Um so we're gonna try out our white board .
A :  If we'll all draw our favourite animal , to sum up the characteristics of that animal .
C :  So you want us to draw it and then talk about it ? Or just draw it ?
A :  Okay .
D :  I think both .
C :  Okay . Why don't we do both . Right .
A :  Yeah . Both . Yeah .
D :  Who starts ? We ought to decide who starts and all that . No ? Uh-huh .
A :  Any volunteers ? Does anyone know what they wanna draw ?
C :  Mm , I gotta think about it for a second like . Uh
C :  Does it have to be functional , trendy and user friendly ?
A :  I don't think so .
C :  Um .
C :  Okay , I'll draw . I'll draw one .
C :  Make sure my things here .
C :  Uh-oh .
C :  Right .
C :  Okay , my favourite animal is see .
C :  Oops .
A :  A dolphin . 'S like playing Pictionary .
C :  Yeah , it's
C :  Yeah , I guess it has a fin on top too , yeah .
C :  It's my dolphin .
A :  So what characteristics do you like about your animal ?
C :  I like its tail . Um , no , I think dolphins are really uh I dunno , they're smart and they they're cute and they like swimming and that's cool , like they're graceful yeah , and they're so
A :  They're graceful .
A :  Sleek .
C :  Yeah they're sleek and they look intelligent and I don't know , they're I guess it's the whole like binocular vision thing .
A :  I don't know how intelligent that one looks .
C :  Yeah he he doesn't look that smart . He's a I dunno um they're I think it's cool the the um the interaction that or the th things that the reasons people seem to like you know you get ex you know people are sitting on the beach and p they're like oh look there's dolphins and it's kinda like but they're you know they jump around in the water and they're happy and they're mammals , but they swim .
A :  Yes . Does anybody else wanna draw their animal ?
B :  Suppose I can draw an animal , yeah .
A :  .
A :  Uh-oh there goes the ten . It's a cat .
B :  Yeah .
B :  I don't know . They sleep all day , they're easy to draw .
A :  Do you wanna anything ? I dunno if the the ah .
D :  Uh yeah . Well I had the cat as well , but uh I've got a spare one .
B :  I think the pen is running out of
D :  So I'll use the spare one .
D :  Um but it's harder to draw um .
C :  And the pen's dying .
D :  Um .
D :  Uh .
A :  A horse .
C :  Horse .
D :  Um I don't really know how the legs go , but anyway I will do that .
A :  That's very good .
D :  Um , and the main reason is they're pretty . I think they're very pretty and they go well with the environment , and I like the way they run and I used to do horse riding and they're just very sort of sturdy and nice animals . And I like the way um they feel , sort of under under the hand , I think that's pretty much it . Um
A :  Yeah .
A :  This cord's
A :  Uh . Right . Actually I haven't thought of anything yet . Uh
A :  It's a pig . So I'm thinking we should design a remote control that's
A :  water resistant , strong and furry . What do you think , yeah ? This is yeah , well like a cat , you know , soft yeah . Although uh I'll just put there . Right .
C :  And furry .
C :  Textile tactile , tactile remote control .
C :  You're dragging a you have a tail .
A :  Oh my gosh , this is disastrous .
A :  Sorry about that .
A :  Okay . So moving on . Our selling price goal is twenty five Euro and profit aim is fifty million Euro . So I'm guessing that we're not actually in Scotland , we're in some European country . Um , and we will hope to sell this internationally .
C :  Sorry can you just say that what's the what are our price goals again ?
A :  Um selling price is twenty five Euro . Profit aim fifty million Euro .
C :  Okay .
D :  How many should we sell then ? Um , a lot , two two two million , two mi no , more f four million .
A :  Anyone a mathematician ?
B :  Two million .
D :  Four million . And it well it's the profit so if a profit for each is twelve fifty , that'll do four million .
B :  Oh , yeah .
D :  It is a lot . Uh .
A :  So f that's a fifty percent um uh .
A :  Um , I don't know what these mean because I didn't actually make the slide-show . Experience with remote control . So I guess we have to reflect on our experiences with remote controls to decide what um we would like to see in a convenient , practical ,
A :  nice remote control . Um so do we have any initial ideas for uh how this remote control should be designed or formatted or the the buttons it should have .
D :  Um , I think one thing is that it should be easy to find bec yeah bec
C :  I was thinking that too . I think we should design something that has like a so you can like somehow like you I mean you always know where your T_V_ is , so just have a call button , I've always wanted that , so like you can push a button on your T_V_ Yeah , yeah yeah yeah , so you should have a call button on your television to be able to find your remote control .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah . I mean you have it for the portable phone , so why not yeah .
D :  Yeah , yeah yeah yeah yeah .
D :  Yeah .
D :  And even I think a little light . Um or even a maybe a vib a vibrating thing . I dunno but someth because it's usually under the sofa .
C :  Yeah . Yeah .
D :  In which case you're going to be l but if it has a sort of signal which isn't any sound I don't know if it's expensive maybe to
C :  Yeah . I don't yeah I mean it but like I mean just I mean like your phone even just has so like it can vibrate , it can light up and make noise and I dunno .
D :  Maybe call is enough . But yeah .
D :  Yeah yeah yeah .
D :  Yeah .
A :  What if it had something like um
A :  just like a magnet on the back of it and you could I mean j just to have some place to put it besides like a base . You know like a portable phone has a base , like just to have a home for it . 'Cause people just stick it on top of their T_V_ , but the point of having a remote is not to have to walk over to the T_V_ , so
C :  Yeah . Yeah , or if it had a yeah .
D :  Yeah yeah yeah yeah .
C :  Yeah , I mean
B :  Well that's why it's always in the couch .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , in in the couch . I dunno , it seems like though that that would be hard , 'cause you not you're not gonna be lazy anyway and
A :  Yeah .
A :  Maybe we should design couches that have the remote control in the side arm .
C :  Yeah so we the project is now couches and remote controls .
D :  But even just a thing to attach it to the w you know if you had a thing , a pretty object attached to the wall . But that would really make it more expensive . But it's only a plastic thing , r really , the thing on the wall . Something like that . And the other thing is
C :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Do you think it needs to be bigger to not lose , or does that not factor in ?
C :  Bigger .
D :  Not well it needs to be sort of
A :  Hand hand held size , yeah .
C :  Hand-sized .
D :  Yeah . I don't think you need a
A :  Not not huge , but
D :  But definitely not well I don't know .
C :  It can't be that hard to put some kind of a noise on it .
D :  No , it can't be , uh-uh .
B :  No it really wouldn't be .
C :  Or like or like a light thing . You know . I dunno . Yeah . Or make it mobile so it runs around and comes come find you yeah . That would be really I'm sure we could do that for twenty five Euros a pop . Yeah . Uh .
A :  Huh .
D :  Like spaceship . Right . Um
A :  Little homing device . Um .
A :  Okay . So what do we think this remote control should
A :  Five minutes .
D :  Oh dear .
A :  Till the meeting oh right . This is what we have left .
C :  I also think though that it shouldn't have too many buttons , 'cause I hate that when they have too many buttons and I mean I know it has to have enough functions but like , I don't know you , just have like eight thousand buttons and you're like , no , you never use half of them . So .
A :  Um , oh we just
B :  Yeah , I agree . B_ button and the F_ button , they don't do anything .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , yeah yeah .
A :  You what if um may be a little fancy but what if it had like a little screen , so it has less buttons but it still has all the functions . Like the way a mobile phone does .
C :  That would be cool .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah . I mean it just seems like yeah .
A :  So you could like um like if you have I dunno if you have satellite if you have a hundred channels , you can the way you do it on your radio is that you uh what do you call it s y yeah but you can programme , so you can programme like your favourite channels , so like if you had a s
D :  Select . Uh .
D :  But , would you have the screen on the thing , or would you have it on the telly transmitting the screen .
A :  That's something we could decide . Mm .
D :  Because
C :  I guess they would go together somehow ? I dunno .
D :  Because , I don't know if it's I think it's e expensive , if you have if you use the telly screen , 'cause the telly's already a screen , then you can pro sort of have a programming function , really easy sort of arrow up and down , on the remote , and then use the telly as a screen .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Right .
D :  But um
C :  I'm thinking kind of
D :  But yeah for sure . Something like not it's not on the button but it's telling you what to do , is that what you mean ?
A :  Yeah . Yeah .
D :  Right . Mm .
C :  Or like you h you see those you know people I'm thinking of like celebrity cribs kind of things when like they have all those these things that at their house you know their their entire house is so electronic , and they have like this one master control that and it's like a hand held like turns on everything sort of control and it has like a screen and like so I think it should be possible to have some kind of a screen , I don't know if it must be it would probably must be ex too expensive though t like I dunno .
D :  Yeah .
D :  But like mobile phones have screens and they're cheap .
A :  Mm .
C :  Yeah , yeah . Yeah that's true .
A :  Yeah . I mean , we have to remember our budget is twelve point twelve fifty for to actually make the device .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Mm .
C :  Well , I guess we have to get to that later , yeah .
A :  Um but it's something to think about , yeah . I mean we'll have to see how much that would be .
D :  Or some it i we can find out probably on the internet how much it's
A :  Yeah .
D :  Um . Yeah , and the other thing you said that thing about robust and water um
D :  What was the word ? Water resistant .
C :  Furry .
A :  Oh I was just
D :  No but it's I thought , ah , spot on . Good feel , tact tactile , good tactile feel , maybe something didn doesn't make your hands sweat lot .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah . Mm , mm .
D :  That's quite annoying .
A :  Maybe um just like a simple thing to have a clip on it , like so you can clip it to your like that's another
C :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , clip .
D :  Ooh .
D :  Um .
A :  Um . We should probably start wrapping up , um we've got some initial ideas that we can all look into . Um , and come up with some new ones for the next meeting , which will be in another thirty minutes . Um .
A :  So .
A :  Yeah . The
A :  Industrial Designer , what does that stand for , I_D_ , yeah um is going to be looking more into the working design . So I guess you'd be looking at lots of the things we discussed about screen and um that sort of thing . The
B :  Yeah I think so .
A :  something , what is the U_I_ ? Yeah , what does it stand for again ? User Interface Designer . So that's gonna be
B :  User .
C :  That's me .
C :  Uh , User Interface design .
A :  more technical . I guess that maybe the working design has also to do with like the physical feat like just the way it looks and the way it w
C :  So technical function .
B :  The working design is the structure .
A :  Yeah , yeah .
C :  What is technical functions exactl I I don't really know what
A :  Um , I guess you'd have to find out .
D :  It says on that email but it
B :  Um .
B :  It was in the email . I wrote down what mine were .
C :  It does but it I just don't really
D :  It said um
C :  Yeah .
D :  It said
C :  What effect should the thing ha should it have , okay . Alright . And working design . Okay .
D :  Yeah like
D :  Be a medium between you and the telly I think , that's uh
C :  Yeah , yeah . Alright . And how it works , okay . Right . I'm I'm on task .
A :  Mm .
A :  And the M_E_ , what does that stand for ? M
B :  Marketing .
A :  Marketing , right . Um .
D :  Marketing . Oh it's written here , but um .
A :  So we'll be working on the user requirements , um
A :  Yeah . So I guess that wraps it up . I'll see you all in thirty minutes .
D :  Okay .
A :  I just did .
