D :  Is this okay ?
A :  Uh yeah . Fine now .
A :  Oh , it's not liking us , it went that-a-way .
A :  Computer adjusting . Oh .
A :  Uh .
A :  Okay . So .
A :  Right .
A :  You ready back there ?
A :  Uh okay .
A :  Welcome everyone . Um this is the kick-off meeting for the day . Um we're the new group uh to create a new remote control for Real Reaction .
A :  As you can see our agenda is to open up the meeting , um become acquainted with each other , um have a little training on tools , uh create a plan , discuss things and and we only have twenty minut twenty five minutes total .
A :  Okay . The new remote control is to be original , trendy and user-friendly . That , Steph , is your part , is the user-friendliness . The originality um is gonna take all of us . Um the trendiness we'll probably go look at for some marketing research information from you , Sarah . Um and we'll get on with it . Okay , so we'll have a functional design individual work um with meeting and then conceptual design t and then detailed design .
A :  Okay ? Right . Everybody's supposed to try out the whiteboard . Kate , why don't you try it first , if you can either bring your things with you , I guess
B :  Uh yeah , if I can pick up with all these bits and pieces , hang on .
A :  And while you're doing that we'll try and figure out how to hook these things on as well , 'cause we're all gonna have to be able to walk around .
B :  Uh right , so you want an animal and the characteristics of that animal . Do you have to be able to recognise what animal it is ? Um
A :  Uh I do not think so , I think it's just to try out the whiteboard .
C :  Are we all gonna draw a cat ?
D :  I know .
B :  Only animal I could thin I could draw .
A :  Ah .
B :  Its a sort of bunny rabbit cat . You can tell it's not a bunny rabbit by the ears . Um I suppose it should have a mouth as well , sort of
A :  Uh-huh .
A :  Okay .
B :  Right , yeah .
A :  Great . And the characteristics ?
B :  Um the favourite characteristics of the cat um the whiskers I think , um because they're the easiest to draw . In fact , I'll give it some more
A :  Uh-huh .
B :  Oh , and the tail
A :  Okay .
A :  Fantastic . Since you're handy as well , why don't you do yours next , Steph .
A :  I think it's to get us used to using the pen .
B :  Yes . Um sure it's not to test our artistic
A :  Uh no .
B :  It's a mouse .
A :  A mouse-y ?
C :  That's not a mouse-y , no .
B :  No it's not a mouse .
B :  It's a wombat .
A :  Oh .
C :  It's a ratty .
A :  Argh . Rat .
B :  A what ?
C :  A ratty .
A :  Not a mouse , a rat .
B :  A webbed foot . Webbed f Oh right .
C :  It's clothes . That's it's clothes .
C :  It's a ratty with a with a with a very long tail .
A :  And your favourite characteristics of that animal .
C :  I love whiskers .
C :  Uh they're intelligent and they're cheeky and
C :  uh fantastic pets and very friendly . And they sit on your shoulder and whisper the answers to your homework in your ear when you're doing your homework .
A :  Oh . Okay . Kate ?
D :  Thanks .
A :  Oh , a fish .
B :  Gosh , why didn't I think of fish ? That's even easier to draw than cat .
C :  A shark ?
D :  Mm this is very representational fish . Um I like them because they're sleek and they have a lot of freedom but they also do n uh swim in groups , so .
A :  Oh , okay . Fine .
A :  Favourite characteristics ?
A :  'Kay .
A :  So they have team elements .
D :  Do you have a favourite one ?
A :  I'm afraid I'm with Steph .
A :  And I think your pen's running out of whatever .
A :  But I'm afraid I take the coward's way out , and the cat's looking the other way . He's hiding .
A :  Um cats are sometimes very independent . My parents had cats . Uh and they can mm decide for themselves what is best .
A :  Okay .
A :  Now um we have to get down to the nitty-gritty of how to make this and this remote control has to be sold um we're to sell it for twenty five Euros , with a profit aim ultimately of fifty million Euros . That tells you something about how many um we have to sell on an international scale . Um would be an awful lot of these , would be like what , a hundred million of them um to make twenty five Euros on each one and to make a total profit of fifty million . Um the production is to only cost twelve and a half Euros per item .
A :  Now if they cost twelve and a half , you're selling it for twenty five , you're making twelve and a half Euros each . Um and we're to make a profit of fifty million , that's t uh can you do the maths and how many are we selling ?
D :  Uh yeah . I was just wondering if that's the um
D :  If fifty percent is normal
A :  Mark-up ?
D :  B yeah . Um I would think would be more like sixty percent .
D :  But um let me I have two thoughts . One hundred , fifty percent .
A :  Okay .
D :  And and your question is how many do we have to sell ?
A :  Yes , 'cause our market um is international and your problem is has to do with marketing of you know , you gotta know how many we're going to be selling to know how big a market you have to target and who is that .
D :  At twenty five .
D :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Yeah , that's um
A :  To give you a pretty good idea of where you're looking .
D :  So that's four million of them ?
A :  Something like that ?
A :  Okay .
D :  Yeah .
A :  That's fifty million Euros . In order to make fifty million Euros , and you're only getting twelve and a half each
D :  And if we make
D :  Mm-hmm .
A :  That's a lot of selling .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Two four
D :  Four million .
A :  To be fifty , be four million . You'd have to sell four million .
D :  Hmm .
A :  Okay ?
A :  Right .
A :  Experience with a remote control . Any of you use of remote control for a television or D_V_D_ or something ? You're both nodding , all three .
B :  That that that's the sorta product we're talking about , one that will work for a in a home environment , for a T_V_s and
D :  Yeah .
A :  I've seen some remote controls that are for more than one device at a time , but I also have heard about them not working well or not well co-ordinated and you wind up working with this one for thi this three and then this one over here for another .
C :  It is true that you always sit around you know , you're sitting on your sofa and you wanna change something , there's five different remotes , and one for the D_V_D_ and one for the video and one for cable and one for whatever else . But I presume this is t I presume this is just for television .
D :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Y yeah .
A :  And they don't always talk to each other .
A :  Don't know .
A :  Okay . Are there any um ideas for the remote ? What would it be for and what group would be be for ?
A :  We have to think about that one .
D :  We could make a Hello Kitty
D :  themed remote .
C :  I think one in b bright colours would be good .
D :  Yeah . We could totally go for the Japan-a-mation . Well I mean there's also the cachet that um uh the Japanese make great products . Electrical their industrial design is very good .
B :  I think one that works would be good .
C :  I think one that doesn't have lots of superfluous functions . Like I've got one at home that has
C :  well , apart from the obvious , channels , channel up , channel down , volume ,
D :  Yeah .
C :  you know , subtitles , mute , there's a lotta buttons that I've got no idea what they do , like .
D :  Well , that's a really good point , because I think one of the things that being somewhat computer literate , we tend to um go to menus and then make choices , you know , so if it's like an uh volume button , you know , you can go in and say mute or or volume . We don't need to have like the l the numbers if we also have uh uh channel up channel down .
A :  Okay .
C :  Mm .
A :  Mm .
A :  Okay .
D :  Mm . We can make it smart like an iPod , you know , make everything menus .
C :  Ooh , closing the meeting .
A :  Yeah . Um I know this sounds like it was very quick , but the
C :  That was quick .
A :  I think that's the industrial design is the first one , that's Kate , for the working design . And user , that's you S Steph , for the technical functions design , and for marketing the user requirements specification . I think there's going to be a lot of we have to help each other and work through this as a group , and I think we all , you know , we like our kitty-cat and our rat and our fish , but I think we all have to like each other um to get this done . Uh as it says , we're gonna get individual instructions , but uh I don't think they allowed a lot of extra time , so I think a little bit of less of this and more at do will set us in good stead . Do you all agree ?
B :  Mm .
B :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Alright . Um then I don't see any reason to prolong it and f we should finish this meeting at ni right now and go into other things . Alright , so this is the end of the first meeting . Thank you all .
D :  Okay .
B :  'Kay .
