A :  Okay . Uh door is closed . Well , let's begin . Because if we have as much time as the last uh meeting , we'll have to hurry up . Um well I'll start with the presentation again , the agenda .
D :  I'm listening .
D :  Right .
D :  Great .
A :  Yo .
A :  So . Uh This one I think . Uh yeah . Well alright .
A :  Um well , I'll show you the notes . It's not as uh interesting as it should be because we just uh had the meeting , but I'll show them . We'll get your presentations again on the conceptual design . Um
A :  Then we'll have to dec decide about the control , the remote control concepts . I've put a f uh a file in the project management folder , which says exactly uh what kind of decisions we should take . So this time we exactly know what to decide about . And then we'll close again .
C :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Alright , great .
C :  Alright .
A :  Uh
A :  Well these are some examples , but we'll talk about them later . We'll first look at your uh presentations . Alright ?
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Walter will uh start again this time ?
D :  Yeah , great .
A :  Yo .
D :  Alright , Trendwatch .
A :  'Kay .
D :  Right .
D :  I will speak about uh latest trends trends , latest fashion updates , and uh things we must not do . Uh the trends . It's very important that uh the control is fancy looking and good uh feeling .
A :  'Kay .
D :  Uh this because of our last model was very functional , but it uh people didn't like that , so our new mo model must be very good-looking . That's uh something you uh have to take a look at . And uh the feeling has to be very great . Also the menus and things like that they have to they have to feel great .
C :  Mm-hmm . Alright .
C :  Alright .
D :  Um there's a minus uh two times here , because this is the most important point . This is uh two times as less important , and uh same for this one . Um , technological technological innovations , that's uh regarded very highly too .
A :  Less .
D :  Uh such as an uh L_C_D_ screen , uh speech uh acknowledgement , as we uh talked about earlier . So we have to have uh something like that , like we uh
A :  Well , yeah .
A :  L_C_D_ and our uh our fronts .
D :  Right . Uh the last point is easy to use . Well I think that uh speaks for s for itself . I don't know who's uh who's going to look at that . Yeah ?
C :  Easy to use ? I think that's your ta
A :  Well , easy to use uh s is a bit uh contradictionary with the first uh Functional is not an issue , and then easy to use . Well we have to choose one of them .
D :  Yeah , I know .
D :  I think we have to go for the first one . It's the most important one . So we have to uh take that one .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Mm .
A :  Okay .
D :  So it it it isn't very important that that it works easy . But it has to look great .
B :  Well something fancy looking can be can be easy to use .
A :  Yeah . We'll we'll look at uh .
D :  We'll see .
C :  You Yeah . Yeah , yeah , you can make a very complicated uh uh remote anyway , so ease of use It's not a very comp complicated device .
D :  Yeah , right .
D :  But the most important thing is that it looks great and people say wow , that's real great uh great concept . Alright . Uh these are the new colours of this year . So it must be very bright , very colourful . People like this .
C :  Alright .
A :  'Kay .
C : 
D :  So we we have to think uh in this direction . So i set your mind to it . Findings ? Fashion update ? Fruit and vegetables are cool . I am told .
A :  So
A :  Well
C :  Uh you think ?
D :  The group we are targeting is uh very pleased with fruit and vegetables . So we we we might cons consider in front of uh in in that sort of uh way . Uh furthermore uh material , that's your part , should be very strong . I was thinking of something like uh well uh iron plate over it , maybe in a colour or something , that looks so f really flashy but it it is also strong . And that's uh also for the younger public .
A :  Yeah , well
B :  Bananas .
C :  Mm .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Well the the handy thing about our fronts is that we can follow these trends e ev every year . Th this year it's fruits but next year it's it's something totally different .
D :  Yeah , that's great . But I think we can all make the the fronts of titanium or something uh really thin . So it looks very heavy but you can still uh use it very easily .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yes .
C :  Mm .
A :  Yep , alright .
D :  Well , the don'ts . Older people like dark colours and simple shapes . Well we don't want uh older people , we want young people . So uh we're gonna turn that around . We're gonna have real uh cool shapes and lots of colours . Right ? Okay .
C : 
C :  Alright .
A :  Wood is popular . Aha .
D :  We don't want wood .
C :  Yeah , among the old people , yeah .
A :  Yeah yeah yeah .
D :  Old people . So , that's it for me .
A :  Alright . Nice , uh well show us .
C :  Right , I am going to tell you something about the components design .
C :  Uh again I have uh put up the specification properties . This uh so um uh the different uh components of the of of the device . And the materials ? Um I have heard several things , so I uh I'll have to change that on the way .
C :  But uh the case ? Uh I suggested uh in the previous meeting hard plastic . But uh as you indicated uh it should be strong . It should feel strong . So maybe plastic is not uh sufficient . We should move to uh something
D :  Yeah , we should change that .
A :  Well maybe it it it is , but it doesn't look strong . So maybe
C :  Well yeah . Y Hard plastic i is of course uh pretty pretty tough , but it doesn't have a really really tough look . So
D :  No no no .
A :  But we still have to look at our price of course . Because uh if we want an L_C_D_ uh window etcetera uh
C :  Yeah . Also Yeah .
C :  Mm-hmm . But we'll return to that . Uh the buttons of course rubber , I think everyone agrees . And electrical cables , copper is all pretty basic stuff . The chips made of silicon , I guess . I think that's the best uh way to do it . And infra infrared l LED is uh just a simple bulb .
A :  Yeah ?
C :  Then I've uh had a few findings , made a few findings . Uh the target audience product style . Um it's uh um generally the case that uh senior and wealthy people above uh forty five years old uh like , as you said , uh particularly the traditional materials as such as wood and materials such as that .
C :  They also like straightforward shapes and luxurious style . But of course that's not our uh things this . So this is things we must not do . And then we have uh young uh and dynamic uh people , which is of course our uh group , the people we aim at . Um under forty five years old . Uh they like soft materials uh with primary colours .
A :  Yes .
C :  Soft materials is of course uh agai again a bit a contradiction with uh our uh material choice of what you said , that uh it should be hard an and and and and strong looking . But they like soft materials , uh so we might uh we have to consider that . And
D :  Mm . Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
C :  also they like curved round shapes . So not uh too formal like like uh the older people want . And if uh also a finding but not very ap applicable here , that sports and gaming devices such as uh
C :  discmans for jogging and that those kind of devices , gaming devices , should define the characteristics of the device . But uh since we don't have a really a sports or gaming device , so we don't really have to consider that .
A :  Sports uh , they're uh that uh are accessible on on your L_C_D_ uh window uh Huh ? That's nice .
B :  Soccer fronts . Mm .
C :  Mm .
B :  Hmm .
C :  Well I also have um
A :  All the results ?
D :  We keep coming back to the fronts .
B :  Yeah .
C :  several examples of uh styles , so you can get a clear picture of uh what I mean .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Uh these are the basic uh older older peoples' stuff .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
C :  It was not very uh interesting uh , very classical looking , but that's n that's not what we want . We have these kind of things . I don't know what exactly they are . It looks like Well you know uh you recognise the shapes , it's very primary colours , uh bright colours and uh round shapes . You also uh see uh this device , it's not very round and Fruity of course . Yeah , it uh That's true .
A :  Mm-hmm . Nai . Uh no .
B :  Hmm .
D :  Fruity . Fruity .
A :  It's t terrible . Alright .
C :  And uh well round shapes , primary colours . You can see it all here . And of course uh this famous device . I think as you know something uh some devices like this . So to give you an idea of uh
A :  Hmm ?
A :  Yeah , alright .
D :  Well it's got a strong look , this . Yeah .
C :  This has a strong look . Although it's plastic , it's it's grey to to to give it iron look . That's uh
D :  Yeah , it still has a strong look .
A :  Yeah . And it's round .
D :  But then you are losing your fruity colours .
C :  Yeah . Well we have to make a
A :  Well you can make th th th that middle ring can you you can make another colour . So uh those kind of things you can you can combine .
D :  That's true .
C :  Well we can't really make a round uh a round remote control . I don't think that's very practical , but But uh it's important to to uh to think about the colour . Because if we make it grey or or silvery looking , it it does make it a lot more uh does make it looking a lot more stronger . 'Cause if you look at this , it it doesn't look very very strong , becau But this is plastic , and and this too , but
A :  No , it isn't .
A :  Okay .
D :  Yeah but the
A :  Yes .
D :  But it doesn't have to look strong . The the results are , the feel of the material is expected to be strongy . The feel .
C :  The feel ? Uh alright . Well
A :  So , if you ti
B :  And it it doesn't have to be strong , also . Only the feel .
A :  Well
D :  Nah yeah the feel
A :  You you Maybe you should have uh some some coloured titanium or something . So it it looks pretty but it feels strong .
D :  Right .
C :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Oh .
D :  I agree .
C :  And I Then I have some more findings . Um uh about the energy energy source of the of the device , uh I uh suggest uh the basic battery . I uh got some other um uh uh energy sources of course . But solar energy is not very practical inside a house , because you don't have a have a lot of uh sun .
C :  And uh kinetic and and and dynamos are are not very practical , I think , for uh for a simple remote , that's a bit , oh , that's a bit uh
A :  No titanium .
C :  That's a bit uh much . And I also suggest uh as a shape uh a double curved case . Uh the disadvantage of that that you can use no titanium . That that's the information I received . If you use the curved case , uh a curved case , double curved then you
A :  What do you exactly mean with double curved ?
C :  can't use titanium . Now uh this uh to give it a more modern look . And uh now the the shape , yeah , a curved case . Um yeah I think uh sort of triangle-shaped bottom or something . Uh a more modern look not plain , long box style , but
D :  I dunno .
A :  Double curved ?
C :  I'll draw it , but maybe later . And it makes uh it gives it a more u user friendly shape , than if you have uh . Um anyway
B :  Yeah . Yeah .
A :  It it mean Yeah , well okay .
C :  Um f as uh for the buttons , simple push buttons . No uh otherwi uh no um difficult scroll things or some uh things like that , because it makes more complex and expensive .
C :  And , uh as we agreed , we don't use a speaker or a sensor or um uh speak uh speech uh controlled device . Because it makes it also more complex and expensive . But we do use an L_C_D_ screen , so we uh we do have to consider uh of we have to use a more advanced chip , which is more complex and expensive . But
D :  Yeah right .
A :  Well
C :  It's worth the trouble I think , because
B :  The buttons can be made of an uh a soft material .
B :  Because people like that .
A :  This soft material thing from uh Yeah .
C :  Uh rubber is a soft material , I guess . Uh soft enough . So that's uh basically what I want to talk about .
D :  Yeah . Right .
B :  Yeah . Right . Yeah .
A :  Alright . Okay . We will take that . And then uh Mike ?
A :  Okay .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Well um nah the method um we will um include the buttons as we discussed uh earlier .
B :  Um an L_C_D_ s screen will be implemented . Um we must decide where , this meeting . Um there are new developments in speech recognition um systems , um and they are already being uh used on uh coffee machines . And um well they're cheap , so we could use them now .
A :  Oh
B :  Um it's not really speech recognition , it's more um like you can um talk to the chip , uh record the message and record an answer , and then once you uh talk to the remote , then um he will a answer with the
A :  That's interesting .
B :  the prerecorded message that you left . So if I say hi Mike , and you have recorded uh hi Mike back , then you will get that .
C :  Oh , yeah , I understand . Yeah .
D :  Oh okay .
A :  Okay . But you can also say that , when you say something , it does some function .
D :  Right .
B :  No it doesn't does not do anything . But i it's just a Yeah it's it's cheap .
D :  No .
A :  Oh .
D :  But that that makes it cheap . It's it's just a an extra function , and it's cheap .
A :  That's a bit uh
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yes . I understand . But it has no functionality for our remote at all .
D :  No but
B :  No but that's the gadget they want , or the gimmicks .
D :  Yeah , right . Young people love them .
C :  But it it's n nice for young people . They like gadgets . Yeah .
B :  Yes , we we should really uh include that one , I think . Um
D :  Yeah , ple
D :  Right .
C :  If it's cheap . Yeah .
A :  Hmm .
B :  Well , as I said uh earlier I think the uh L_C_D_ screen should be uh positioned at the lower end of the remote . Um the buttons for screen width and general settings and uh and that kind of stuff
B :  um we can also do let that kind of functions um be shown in the L_C_D_ screen , uh instead of uh extra buttons . I think young people and yeah w well every user would like that .
A :  So you put a menu in the L_C_D_ ?
B :  Um the buttons um should be positioned uh positioned the same way as they are on a , well , conventional remote , I think . For the learnability and uh well to keep it recognisable . A voice recognition can be uh implemented .
B :  And uh I drew an example , but it did not work quite the well uh the way I wanted it to do . Hmm ? Well I have the I can draw it again , and I know what I did wrong . I didn't tick the note bo box in the . Um
D :  Alright . How How
C :  Can you draw it now of uh Can you draw it now ?
A :  Ah .
C :  Mm . Alright .
D :  How do you uh uh give input to the menu on the L_C_D_ screen ?
B :  Um with the uh the up and down and and well buttons and the
D :  Alright . So you have a menu button , and then you can go up and down .
B :  Well I will draw what I had drawn on the screen .
A :  But then we should also have an uh an Okay button .
D :  Yeah right .
B :  Yes . Um I shall draw this . If it uh works .
C :  button , yeah .
A :  Just uh There is already a blank . Yes ? So Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Mm so have I .
B :  Nah .
D :  .
D :  You have to push hard .
A : 
C :  I suggest a banana shape .
C :  Because of the fruity uh fashion .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
A :  No m Next year that's out .
C :  Yellow and
C :  Yeah alright , yeah . Just a hunch .
B :  Well these little buttons are a bit difficult to uh draw uh
A :  Yeah .
C :  Those are the the cha the channel buttons of course ?
B :  correct .
B :  Yeah just uh the numbers .
C :  And then below is the L_C_D_ screen ?
B :  These these will be bigger in the the real design .
C :  Alright , yeah .
B :  This must be the Okay button used to uh interact with the L_C_D_ screen . And with this you can uh , yes , go to through the menus and that can
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Um the video button should be uh an apart button , because you want it to uh t , yeah , to use it fast within one uh click .
D :  You've
A :  Yes .
D :  Right .
D :  And you you need a you need a speaker .
A :  And what's the menu button ?
B :  Um it's
B :  Hmm ?
D :  For the
B :  This button can also be the Menu button , we use in the menus Well we we can add another button here , but
A :  But how did How do you get out of the menu then ? Yeah .
A :  Maybe I you could j just do an an exit with Okay . Uh
C :  Uh by pe pressing the menu button again . By pressing the menu button again , you go uh out . It's usual the the the d kind of the way it works .
D :  Yeah . Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yes , well but bec because when you push Menu you get in , and then you have to push Okay when you get to a choice . And
C :  Yeah ? Yeah ?
B :  Ah right . Well you you
C :  Yeah . But you can men you can press menu again to get out .
A :  Well that's also the Okay button . That's you you should have uh
B :  No no , we we we should uh add uh a extra Menu button and this the Okay button .
C :  No .
A :  Or you can put in the L_C_D_'s uh window an option Get Out .
D :  Exit .
A :  Exit .
B :  Ah once you have an extra Menu button , you don't need that that extra option . You have uh redundancy .
A :  Well , it's just a choice .
D :  But we need a we need a a recording recording button for the speech uh part . Or don't
B :  Yeah , if we decide to uh to implement that , maybe we should .
C :  Why would you put it uh then , and where is the recording uh the microphone ? Where would you put it ?
B :  Well they that could be anywhere . That's very small . It could be uh down here .
C :  Uh-huh .
B :  Um . Well , not here . I yeah I suggest here . But that's just a little gap . Yeah .
D :  Right , and spea speaker at the back , or something .
C :  Microphone , yeah .
B :  Well the speaker and the microphone , I think , are the same uh little hole thingy .
C :  Yeah I understand . Uh but uh we could uh d do , but it's perhaps more expensive , uh the speaker on the back or something .
D :  Alright .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Well i
B :  Um there are a all already being implemented in in coffee machines , so they won't be uh very expensive . But
A :  Huh ?
C :  Alright .
D :  Alright .
A :  Yeah ? Okay .
B :  This is my suggested design . Um Yes .
A :  Well , okay , alright . Um then let's have a look at the decisions we are going to have to make .
B :  And oh I think as you can see so , the L_C_D_ screen does look better uh at the lower end , or at the bottom . But
A :  I'd I agree .
D :  Yeah , fine . Move on .
A :  Fine .
C :  Well yeah yeah yeah .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Oh , um I had some uh examples . You can uh
C :  I can live with it .
A :  Yes ?
B :  But
B :  I did not like it very much , but
B :  Well these are
A :  Too big .
B :  quite obvious , very ugly remote . Um
D :  Yeah .
C :  They do they don't look fruity enough .
D :  Nei They're n they're not trendy .
B :  No , well th
A :  They're all black .
B :  Yeah . Well not all .
A :  Hey , that one I like .
B :  Uh this is for children but th
C :  Tho Yeah those
D :  It doesn't look strong .
A :  No .
B :  No .
C :  But it doesn't uh the
B :  W but with the colours i it's a bit the way we're going to .
A :  The remote .
D :  Yeah right .
C :  Yeah , ok Yeah .
B :  Well this is a terrible
A :  Terrible .
D :  This is just crazy .
C :  But it it must not look too childish of course huh ?
A :  It's it's all too much buttons . Too many buttons . That's
B :  Um this looks Yeah . This uh these are the L_C_D_ screens . I think we should , if it's um possible , uh one with colours , but
D :  Nah th It's too expensive . Yeah .
B :  I don't know uh Too expensive ? Alright .
A :  Well , that's too expensive I think .
B :  Well Nah .
C :  But it Yeah .
A :  Alright . Yeah .
A :  Okay .
B :  Ha , even more . N
A :  Huh .
A :  Mm no .
D :  But are we going for a strange uh form ?
A :  'Kay .
A :  No , not very strange .
D :  'Cause people like that .
C :  Not not too strange . No .
D :  Not too strange . You can make the the underside , you can make it more round , where the L_C_D_ is .
A :  It still has t
A :  Yes . Th a a kind of bridge . So it f falls over the hand .
B :  Well
D :  I dunno if you know the No Nokia telephone , with uh the round uh thing at at the bottoms , s something like that .
A :  Yeah ? Yeah ?
A :  Yeah .
D :  You know ?
A :  Well I have at home a remote with a bridge . It's just a half round half half circle at And then it falls exactly over the hand , and that's very nice . That's It feels comfortable .
D :  Yeah , but people like something uh new you know . Yeah , different . Y yis
C :  Exotic yeah . We have t Yeah , yeah . I will design it , we design it later . So we'll get to that later I guess .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Alright . Great .
A :  Yeah , alright . Um where did I put it ? Um conceptual phase , I think this is it .
C :  The specific shape . The
A :  I got this from our friends . So Uh yeah the conceptual design .
C :  Our sources .
A :  These are a few examples which we have to decide about . All the the materials from the case , uh the electric cable that's all your uh your side of the story .
A :  Um
D :  Your bag .
A :  Yeah . Um now from the user interface , your uh package ? Um where No well , that's more like the buttons where they have to come . And um
A :  B a bit of , yeah well , a bit of uh design .
B :  Yeah , this is what we've just done . Right ?
C :  But uh we should decide now .
A :  Yes , but we have to decide about these now . And uh the trend-watching . So as you said , fruity is in , well sells good . Wow . Uh these things .
B :  Ah right .
D :  Yeah . Materials are the most , most impor
D :  Yeah .
C :  So we have to uh put it in one uh document .
A :  Uh yes . Um so if we uh go through them
C :  Copy paste uh this story into a into a Word document , and then uh put the answers after the subjects . Yeah .
B :  Not everything .
C :  Well we have to decide all these things ?
B :  Yeah but all these examples are uh of a coffee machine .
A :  Yeah well uh
C :  W we can uh override them ?
A :  Why should I uh
A :  Yeah .
A :  So
C :  Well a case ? Uh that's me . Uh I suggest Well what do I suggest actually ?
A :  What what kind of properties should it have ? Well we just listened .
C :  Uh s solid , yeah . Yeah .
B :  I think we Why don't we um use uh titanium or or a hard , yeah , some kind of metal for the uh the the whole remote except the front . That
D :  Do you know the new uh
B :  Just like um most cell phones are .
C :  Yeah , I understand . Yeah . So we have titanium .
D :  No no
D :  The front is the most important .
C :  Yeah but the non-removable elements of the of the remote , so not the front , could be titanium , to give that uh strong look . And then the front is made of plastic . And you can put that on and off , and switch it .
B :  Yeah .
A :  You know what ?
B :  Yeah .
D :  But the feel of plastic isn't strong .
C :  No but you have titanium of course . Uh you have the best of both worlds .
B :  No but you you have this Yeah .
D :  Yeah alright , alright . 'Kay .
B :  Yeah , you have the re remote in your hand like this . So you feel titanium .
C :  And of course , yeah , you have the the the plastic front end . But you also have the titanium .
D :  Yeah . Fronts are are cheaper than when they're from plas
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah of course , but yeah you have to make a
B :  And I don't know if you can make steel just any way you want it to .
C :  decision .
D :  Yeah , but it it's expensive .
C :  I guess so . Uh titanium I sh I think uh
B :  Yeah .
D :  Bendable . Bendable .
C :  Huh ? Well , well the
B :  Well any colour
C :  According to my sources , uh it's it's totally possible to make an entire uh uh uh Titanium is available , and uh we can uh make uh an entire remote out of it , if we want .
B :  Yeah , then you you paint it in the colour you want it . The plastic is is the colour you want it .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Mm .
D :  Paint spray .
C :  Mm .
D :  Yeah alright .
B :  So Yeah .
D :  So , we're going for a titanium back and a plastic front ?
A :  Alright .
A :  I've uh
C :  Yeah , I think that's a nice trade-off .
B :  Mm .
A :  Titanium back , plastic front . Okay . Um well I am going to put it in here , uh because we can uh look . I Um solid feel and trendy look . So material , um hard plastic for the front ?
D :  Yeah , great .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Alright .
C :  Yeah , for the front and then titanium for the back .
D :  Yeah .
C :  For the non-removable uh part .
D :  But then you have the problem , when you have a titanium back , you can't switch it . When you want an other colour on the front , it doesn't match . You know ?
C :  Well but
B :  Well titanium is neutral .
C :  The titan titanium isn't isn't v very Yeah , i it doesn't uh curves . No uh I nei . Titanium is very No no no , but you know b Titanium is very basic colour , and it doesn't really matter if we have a purple front on it or a orange front . I dunno if if you disagree , but I think it's doesn't matter very much .
D :  I understand . Yeah , yeah , yeah . Yeah .
B : 
B :  Hmm .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Alright .
B :  Well
D :  Yeah . Alright .
B :  Our customers will use those uh funky uh trendy colours , and they don't use uh wood .
D :  Funky customers . Alright .
C :  And even if it does uh doesn't match , it will uh People like mm colours that don't match .
B :  Mm . Yeah .
A :  Okay . And well the the electrical cable is just normal uh .
C :  Cop copper uh material .
C :  Excuse me ?
B :  Yeah .
B :  The electrical cable uh does
A :  It's uh from uh our coffee uh
C :  Yeah copper i just a ba basic uh
B :  No we don't use an electrical cable . Yeah inside , but this is for the coffee uh machine .
A : 
C :  Yeah in
C :  Yeah well inside the remote control we use a couple of uh
A :  Of course .
B :  Yeah , but that's not what's meant here , I think .
D :  Nei .
D :  So external .
C :  Oh external ? Well A coffee grind doesn't have Na ja . Never mind the coffee grind .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Well uh all the all the inside work of our remote is uh standard
A :  work . So
C :  Right ?
A :  The chip is normal silicon . Uh the buttons are normal , etcetera . Okay ? So that's just easy . Uh we decide about that just by looking at our competitors and our earlier uh remotes . The conceptual specification of the user interface ?
C :  Alright . Mm-hmm .
A :  Um well we have our beautiful drawing .
D :  Alright .
B :  Well I got a better one here and I will um
A :  Well you can put that in uh into the shared folder , and then I'll put it in our end report .
B :  The shared folder .
B :  I will work this out uh for the uh next meeting .
A :  Yes , you can
A :  Mm yeah . You can uh put some uh which button is what . Okay . Um the trend-watching
B :  Yeah yeah yeah .
A :  included these days . And what do we ? We thing that fruit and bright colours are
C :  Yeah the the the front w
D :  I think we can launch a couple of packages . You can buy a different kind of of of machine , but it's the same thing , but with another front . So
B :  Yeah .
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Yes . We can also uh implement um we can also implement fronts from um movies that are very hot . Uh those kind of things .
B :  Yeah that's the whole idea of the front .
D :  And you can you can
C :  Yeah . Yeah .
B :  Yes . But that's for later on . The fronts y you can do anything with them .
D :  Yeah right .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah but if you if you launch uh five different packages like iPod mini
B :  Yeah , right For the uh initiative uh launch .
D :  Yeah .
C :  For the for the launch , yeah .
D :  It's good marketing .
B :  Mm .
C :  So e th then a c couple of basic colours . Not not very uh sim Not
A :  Launch different lines at once .
D :  Yeah , n not too heavy . You can always take another pick .
C :  Yeah .
A :  We should not give them the m the most lovely front
D :  They have to buy it later on . Yeah right . More basic . Yeah .
A :  when they buy it for the first time . Yeah . Come on . We still have to make those fifty million , yeah ? .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Oh yeah . Yeah . Yeah .
C :  Very boring , yeah . The most boring fronts possible .
B :  Well you can you can give them uh s s three or so , so that they can uh experiment with it and that they want more . Yeah .
A :  The most ugly .
D :  Yeah , right .
A :  Two .
C :  Yeah but you you can have some basic colours , and then we come with the special patterns on them , and and uh And uh
B :  Red red , blue and green you give them or something , and then you can give them uh other ones .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah . Alright .
A :  Um well the buttons etcetera , we get from Mike . Uh this fruit and bright colours , yeah well I think we'll have to in the next uh half an hour , we'll have to uh s s specify the different uh types we want to launch , when we uh well introduce our remote .
C :  Uh we still have to make We have still have to make the es the the real basic design . Because yeah we have the sketch but
D :  Yeah . But we we must remember that fancy look-and-feel is the most important thing . Else it w won't sell . So
A :  Yes .
C :  Alright , yeah .
A :  Yes . Well I'll have to , before I get another warning for five minutes , I'm going to get
A :  Where is my mouse ? Uh where is my mouse ?
D :  Lost my mouse .
A :  Oh yeah . Um this is it .
C : 
D :  Unbelievable .
A :  Well , um this we have . Uh basic stuff . Interface we have . Supplements , L_C_D_ . Maybe a a cheap voice recording .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah we should do that .
A :  Well Yes . Alright . Individual actions .
C :  The price ?
C :  We all agree on that . Yeah .
B :  Mm .
A :  Industry designer , . User Interface , Mike . You're going to work together
A :  on a prototype drawing on the SMARTboard .
B :  Yeah , we can do that .
C :  Together or uh Yeah together . How Yeah yeah , but how do I
D :  Yeah togeth
A :  That's what I got uh to hear .
B :  But bu we stay we stay here or something ?
A :  Yes well we'll get it to hear that I think . But I think so . Th they're saying SMARTboard and that's it
D :  You can take the SMARTboard .
B :  Ah right . And take it to our rooms and uh
A :  This is the SMARTboard , so
A :  Um so you can uh you you are going to make a prototype , and y Well that's includes uh specifying the buttons etcetera .
B :  Ah , specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach .
A :  Yeah . So you'll get it on your em on your laptop . Um well you will go and do something else uh on the project yeah project evaluation . So um
D :  Have fun . 'Kay .
C :  Some
C :  Some non functional tasks .
A :  , what are you going to do ? Uh I don't know what product evaluation exactly means , but uh you'll get uh the specifications .
D :  We don't have produ product yet , so kind of difficult .
A :  Yeah . That's why I uh
A :  But uh
C :  You're fired . No but
A :  How long do we still have ?
C :  Well , can we talk about something else ? Uh
A :  Yeah .
C :  Uh no I don't know anything , but maybe uh anyone else uh Yeah ?
D :  Ajax . Nah .
B :  Yeah . Um
B :  Will we use uh round buttons or square ones for the for the numbers ? Yeah I I I also uh thought Yeah .
D :  Um round . Yeah . Round .
C :  Round I think .
C :  To make it as uh as round as possible .
B :  And these uh these s these buttons uh are more uh triangle-ish shaped with a square one in the middle . Yeah . Yeah .
A :  Why does
D :  Curvy . Yeah . So you can see you have to up or down .
A :  Ah f fuck you .
C :  But now I see the
D :  And this must be uh volume I think , and this programme .
A :  Heh ?
B :  Mm .
A :  We can't get
B :  Well most of the time uh up and down is programme and left and right are volume , I think .
C :  Well th th th th th that depends uh .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , it depends , but
C :  Well we uh
B :  If you turn up the volume , you always see this thingy go up .
C :  We we j we'll just give them an uh We'll design it , and then they can give comments on it .
D :  Yeah , that's right .
B :  Yeah . Yeah alright .
D :  Yeah . Okay .
A :  Ts It doesn't work any more . We can't save them . So we'll just have them uh standing there .
D :  Yeah , I noticed .
D :  You can't uh click the corners .
A :  No . It's a bit uh bit a pity . Well we still have uh more than five minutes . Um
D :  It's a real real great thing .
A :  So what are we going to do ?
A :  I as Project Manager ha don't have a clue . Oh we can uh decide how we implement the feeling from our company into the remote .
D :  Let's start the design .
B :  Mm .
C :  Well yeah . Um I think um a logo , our company logo , and the slogan should be or could be Yeah , why not ? If there's enough space , you can put uh We'll we'll
A :  Also the slogan ? On the
B :  Uh I I'd say only the logo .
D :  Yeah . Me too .
B :  Too much text and it gets too too busy .
C :  Well , our slogan is not very long . It's just a simple What is it ?
B :  Well it's quite a long phrase .
A :  We put the fashion in electronics .
A :  We put the fashion in electronics .
D :  But we kree we keep adjusting to the fashion
C :  You c
D :  with our fronts . So
C :  But you can put it on the back , on the titanium part . The logo and the and the
D :  Yeah , right .
B :  Ah the logo should be on the top I think .
D :  The logo
A :  On the top . Yeah . Well in in in the right top corner ? And well you c On the back , you can put uh h At the bottom , you can put the logo with the
C :  Yeah they do . Well yeah .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Right corner , yes .
C :  Right corner , or maybe here in the middle ?
B :  uh the text ? Yeah . Uh yeah , at the back ?
A :  Yeah . Just just small .
D :  But the logo the logo shouldn't be exchangeable , when you get off the front .
C :  Yeah it it should be hard on the on the on the board , and you can remove the front .
B :  Well you c Well uh Yes . You can The logo can be on on every uh front .
A :  Yeah well
D :  Yeah . Yeah .
D :  Yeah , but you can scratch it off or something . It's better if you have it uh
B :  Yeah , but then you must uh really uh yeah push it in or something .
A :  Carved into the material .
A :  No , you you can carve it into the titanium at the back .
C :  I l I like the idea of the of the slogan on the on the on the thing . But am I the only one , or uh
B :  Yeah , on the backside . Well n n not not on the front side , I think . On the back Yes , you you can , yeah , push that in , so that it is always be there .
A :  Well , management would like it .
A :  The front side , no no l no slogan .
C :  No not on the front , but on the backside . Uh
A :  Sorry .
C :  I think it's a nice idea , to make it more recognisable , that the next to the logo you have the slogan .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
D :  I agree .
C :  To make more uh of an impression .
D :  But not too big .
D :  Just uh Yeah .
C :  Not too big . No , very small . Not on the entire back , but uh just very small . But readable enough of course .
D :  Okay .
A :  Yes , slogan from
C :  But we'll uh we'll take that uh with us into the design .
B :  Yeah I think over here the logo .
C :  Lo Uh yeah . Or maybe here in the middle , but we'll decide later .
A :  on the back
A :  with logo and
A :  logo also on
A :  the front but not exchange uh
A :  Uh ? Hmm ? Uh when
D : 
A :  changing fronts .
C :  Do you do you see a bit of the of the um
A :  Alright , that's decided .
A :  Five minutes left .
C :  of the uh titanium ? O on the front ? Uh maybe if we make this this this lower part titanium , the front is the the upper part , and the the bit with the with the L_C_D_ screen . So
B :  Yes we could
A :  So a bit of titanium between ?
D :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah . No no betwe of between we can do but But then you have two parts of front , two fronts that
A :  That's a bit Oh that that's that's pretty cool .
B :  No , they have two fronts , that . You you can Yeah . Yeah . Yeah .
D :  No no no no . You have to make this titanium too .
A :  No ?
C :  This enti entire bottom ?
D :  Else you you get problems with the L_C_D_ . Like dust in it and so things like that . When you exchange all the fronts and it's open .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yes .
B :  Yeah .
A :  I already have uh all kinds of uh
B :  No , you can you can just And then not a straight line but uh some sort of wave or something . This is titanium . And this is uh
A :  filth between the mobile .
C :  And then the lower part is titanium ?
C :  I think that's nice , yeah .
D :  Yeah . Some some kind of wei weight in it . Yeah .
A :  Yeah . Round forms .
B :  F front .
C :  Yeah .
C :  I like that bit of uh titanium also on the uh
B :  Yeah . With the with the curved edge .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yep .
C :  A bit like uh a bit like your mobile phone . Maybe you can show it . It also has the those two distinct uh
B :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah . Tada .
C :  Mm bit like this . Uh it's uh
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , you can make it go
D :  round this corner too where the logo is . Because it has to be uh there all the time you know .
A :  What ?
C :  Yeah yeah . That uh Yeah . Maybe a nice touch , yeah .
B :  Ah .
A :  So round where ?
D :  So uh a little corner of titanium .
B :  Yeah , that's nice finishing touch you need .
A :  Oh , yeah .
A :  Yes , that also sounds uh pretty uh neat .
D :  So this this is the exchangeable part .
C :  I think I'm going to buy it .
A :  We want it . And it's only f twenty five Euros . Come on . No that's nothing .
B :  Yeah , this is the front .
B :  This is the
C :  That's a bit too much , but No , no no no , but I think uh this looks uh pretty nice actually . Of course , because it's my design but No our d our design , alright .
A :  The Phillips remote uh costs more .
D :  Right .
B :  My design .
D :  Taking all the credit .
A :  Well uh you two are going to work together . You'll get your uh specifications on your uh laptop , and then uh you uh
B :  Yeah . We'll stay here I guess ?
D :  But there's a problem . We can't uh take a blank one . Or can we ?
A :  Well I think we can , I just It's
B :  Well we can uh erase an animal I guess . Uh the fourth one .
D :  Yeah . Nah that's alright , that's alright .
C :  But don't erase my cat .
A :  Yeah , o
B :  Uh the fourth one is empty , isn't it ? Yeah .
A :  Oh
C :  I want to preserve it .
A : 
D :  This one is empty .
B :  Yeah .
D :  You have to empty one huh ?
A :  Oh , we have a one .
C :  What are you doing chief ?
A :  So , you can uh draw a Yeah .
D :  Alright .
B :  Yeah I think we have to wait ?
C :  Yeah until the until the beep goes . But I don't uh Do we have to stay here , or I think we have to return first .
D :  No
A :  Well I'll get a I'll get the message .
B : 
A :  No , I think uh Well you'll Maybe you can uh keep your uh laptop here .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Maybe .
A :  Or get your mouse . Because it's little bit uh hard to work with these uh plates .
C :  The high powers from above will have to tell us , yeah .
D :  Yeah . It's not relaxing .
A :  I always have a mouse next to my laptop . I hate these
D :  I I don't have a laptop .
C :  Yeah , touch-pads , yeah .
A :  Ugh .
C :  We can uh do a touch-pad on our remote . No just kidding . Well we have uh b you have to have a bit of humour in the in the discussions too , because it becomes too too too too stressy .
D :  Yeah right . Dream on .
B :  Yeah .
A :  And in your remote control . So we put a touch pad on it , and say ha ha . Yeah . We know you'll you'll you'll hate it but
B :  Aha . This has no function .
D :  Half
C :  But uh th youth doesn't care about functio functionality , so
D :  No .
A :  But they do want some gadgets . So that's wha what we're doing .
D :  It's all about cool things .
C :  Yeah .
D :  And it will sell .
D :  We will be rich .
C :  Bless you .
A :  Well we won't . Our bosses will be rich .
C :  Mm .
B :  We've done too much in the previous meetings .
C :  Too much ?
B :  Yes , we've got nothing to do now .
C :  Well they uh
A :  Well , that's not bad , is it ?
D :  No .
C :  I think that's good . We all had uh our talk and
C :  we agree I guess on uh several thing , on most uh on things .
A :  Mm .
B :  Its the best remote ever .
A :  So
B :  Pinball .
A :  Oh . Oh he's totally off again .
A :  Well
D :  No man . You just have to push harder .
C :  Yeah you have to push harder .
A :  But when I start here ,
C :  Mm .
D :  Yeah .
A :  it's here . So is it
B :  Yes , but you you get really close to the screen with your hand , and I don't think that's
D :  Mm .
B :  Hmm .
D :  Recalibrate it .
A :  Nope .
C :  Where's the good old chalk board with the
D :  Yeah .
C :  the green board with the , how do you call it , chalk , yeah .
B :  We can better uh draw a design on this .
C :  Yeah , maybe .
B :  Yeah , but we can't .
C :  Maybe if i if that thing is recalibrated , we can draw a thing quick , and then before it uh
A :  Yeah .
C :  goes off again .
A :  Let's go .
B :  Well
D :  Finish meeting now .
A :  Finish the meeting now . Alright now we know what to do , so
B :  We'll stay here ?
A :  Um
D :  Yeah . Oh .
B :  Or we'll get the email .
C :  Maybe w maybe we maybe w m Can we get email here ? Huh ? Yeah . Guess so .
A :  Message ? No , get away .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Um I I'm not sure . Maybe you Yeah . Well you'll have to work on this one .
B :  Well we'll wait a few seconds and then we'll get an email .
A :  Yeah .
A :  That's a good idea .
D :  Alright . Have fun lads .
A :  Well
B :  Yeah .
C :  A happy hol happy holidays .
A :  Good luck .
