A :  So uh good morning . I see you all find your places . Is everybody sitting on the right place ? Yeah ? I guess so . So
D :  Morning .
B :  Morning .
C :  Morning .
D :  Yep .
A :  Let's see .
A :  First I will introduce myself . I don't know if uh if everybody knows me , so I'm Bart , hello . Hello . Bart . Hello . Hello . Bart . Welcome .
D :  My name's Frank .
B :  I'm .
D :  Thank you .
A :  Uh let's see . Uh let's start off um with a little presentation .
A :  Now first I'll tell you a little bit about the setting . You can see there are a few cameras here . They'll record uh our actions and you'll have wires and microphones that will record your voice . Uh there are also some microphones there but th um you don't have to pay a lot of attention on those , because it will uh disappear when you don't attend to it . So is there a project documents folder ? There are some notes in it already I see , some documents . Uh I'll start with the presentation kick off .
A :  Is being modified by the administrator . Uh okay . Let's do it read only .
D :  Hmm , that's interesting .
A :  Well I don't know if you've noticed , but uh we're working for Real Reaction . Uh it's a company in uh electronics . We put fashion in electronics , uh we make it work , uh we put a lot of effort in design and in the product itself . I'm Bart the project manager so I'll direct you through the project .
A :  This is our agenda .
A :  Uh we have our opening acquaintance , tool training , project plan description closing .
A :  Uh maybe I can sit down , then I can take some notes or Let's see .
A :  Maybe you can take the minutes once in a while . I dunno it's not a lot of work , but just uh if you hear something uh you can write down , just write it down . Uh as you can see uh it's the opening , aquaintance tool training . Aquaintance is a point we've done a bit . Um have you all seen the corporate website already ? Yeah . Have you seen any flaws in it ? I think I found one . No ?
D :  Sure .
D :  Yep . Visit it .
B :  Yep .
B :  Hmm ?
D :  Can't say I paid much attention to it , but
A :  I can
A :  see if it works this way . No , it doesn't work here . Okay no problem . But um on the corporate information side there's a th uh there was Real Remote instead of Real Reaction . Real Remote is not really the company we're we are , but it's just a little fault . Um okay , what are we going to do ? Uh our project aim is as you can see a new remote control . It has to be original , trendy , and user friendly . So these are uh the points why uh we also hired you . We've got the Marketing Expert for uh the trendy and user friendly look . And Industrial Designer uh there's also user friendly and a bit original .
D :  Oh yeah .
B :  Okay . Yeah .
D :  Okay .
A :  And we've got our User Interface Designer . He's also uh
B :  Yep .
A :  That's about the new remote control .
A :  Uh project method um is uh there are three phases we are going through . First is functional des uh design , individual work , meetings . After the functional design , then the conceptual design and the detailed design .
A :  I had some role indications on here .
A :  But I think you know it already by yourself . The Industrial Designer is going to work on the working design , uh components design and a bit of the look and feel design . Uh the User Interface Designer is going to do the technical function design , user interface concept and user interface design . And the marketing expert is doing a little bit of user requirement specification , trend watching and project uh product ev evaluation . So that's a bit what you're going to do . But that will be all worked out in uh other meetings .
A :  Then we've got our first tool training . We are going to work with a lot of high-tech tools here , so it's ab it's handy if we have a little bit of training first . As you can see we've got the smart boards here and here in the white board . Um in the white board here there's a little tool bar on this side . Here are some functions . You can save . N uh these functions we don't have anything to do with , only undo , you can undo a little
A :  uh piece of drawing . A blank new document for each person . Uh select a pen , eraser . Capture we don't have to do anything with . Uh then we've got our pen . This pen . It's really funny because you can draw with it on this page um in the think it is form of . You can also select the current colour and the line width . But then first you have to select the pen function . But we're going to work with it in a minute . So okay . Uh that's very simple and it's easy to uh draw your findings and drawings on there .
D :  'Kay .
B :  Hmm .
A :  Uh then
A :  a short thing about documents . We've got our shared folder , uh project project what was it ? Project documents I think . But all you will found that already because there are a lot of documents in it already , so it will be okay . And these are available on the smart boards as well , so if you have a document you wanna show , just open it from the folder .
B :  Okay .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Here is a simple tool bar . It's what I just said , it's save , print , move back or forward one page . You can switch between the different drawings .
A :  And then we're going to try out the white board .
A :  So as you can see we g all going to draw a animal . Just to uh uh just to get a bit familiar with it . Mouse wasn't running away .
D :  That was interesting .
A :  Is everybody is anybody playing with the mouse ? No . Okay . We're going to uh draw animal .
D :  Innocent .
A :  And uh just sum up a few of its favourite characteristics . Um the only thing we have to uh look after is that we use different colours , and different line width . Uh there's I can start from now . I will . You can use this pen by holding it like a like a little child . Because if you hold it like this , the sensors will get blocked and then the drawing won't get good .
B :  Okay .
D :  'Kay .
A :  Another thing is you have to be uh a bit slow . 'Cause if you're going to draw like really fast then um the pen won't hold up . So we choose form of current colour uh I think grey is appropriate . Then the line width . I think seven will be nice . Now you'll see my drawing capabilities . These are not very much , but uh
A :  Uh , see you have to do it real slow .
A :  Oh
B :  Sure .
A :  Ah I was trying to draw a dolphin , but I think his nose has to be a little bit But it's close .
D :  I'm thinking about a swordfish .
A :  So what yeah it's this is bit of the swordfish . Yeah , he hasn't got an eye .
B :  Yeah . Yeah .
C :  Mm-hmm .
B : 
A :  Woah . Now we've got another function . We've got the eraser . And then you can undo
D :  .
A :  this easily .
D :  Meat .
A :  Ah it's okay . And I've got to write down a few of its characteristics . Uh is
A :  They've got no text tool , no .
A :  Uh .
A :  Okay . This is typically a undo action , I think . Pen .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Maybe you have to hold it a bit
A :  upside-down . I think that's it because if you wan ar are going to do it like this then it will be a stripe . But I don't know , I'm just trying .
A :  This is not my work , okay . Maybe you have to use
D :  Hmm .
A :  Oh .
A :  Uh . I think it's a it wants to draw a another animal ? I don't know .
A :  It lives for the fun .
A :  So
A :  It's my characteristic uh characteristic about the dolphin . It lives for the fun . So now I'm gonna hand over the pen on the new blank sheet to you . Go ahead .
D :  Okay .
B :  Okay .
D :  Thank you .
D :  Okay .
D :  Gonna use a different line width .
D :  And I'm gonna draw in black .
D :  There . 'Kay , I'm not much of an artist , but here we go .
A :  Maybe it's easier to draw the smaller line width , I think . Because this is going a lot better than uh I did .
B :  Hmm .
B :  A sheep .
D :  Mm .
D :  Okay . This is my um Hmm .
D :  Sheep .
A :  It's nice .
D :  With of course
D :  little blue dot they always get sprayed on their butts .
A :  Uh .
A :  It's a real dead sheep , yeah . For recognition , yeah , I see .
D :  There .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Um maybe you can also write your name somewhere . On just a
D :  'Kay .
D :  They are
D :  Come on .
D :  You have to go really slow when you're writing .
A :  Yeah .
D :  They're brilliant animal animals . And that's just a little me thingy .
D :  So .
D :  Guess I'll pass the pen to our User Interface Designer .
B :  Okay . Um I'm just gonna draw its uh head , but mm
A :  Nice .
B :  Let's see .
B :  Mm .
B :  Uh .
B :  Okay .
D :  Interesting .
A :  Sweet .
B :  Yeah . You know what that is ?
D :  A rabbit ? Garfield . Yeah .
B :  Or who ?
C :  Garfield .
B :  Ah okay , yeah .
B :  Just a
B :  Mm . Guess .
B :  So uh
B :  Yeah . That's enough .
B :  Um , you say a blank , or
A :  Yeah , just a blank sheet .
B :  Okay .
C :  Well I was gonna draw a cat too , so . I'll just try something else . Something different than Garfield .
A :  No .
C :  Mine is a bit more skinny .
A :  Yeah , it's pretty skinny cat .
D :  Yeah .
C :  But uh
D :  And the most interesting tail .
A :  Is your cat , or did you find him on the street ?
C :  Well , it's supposed to be a cat . I like cats because uh
C :  they are uh
C :  independent .
A :  Ah .
C :  The pen .
C :  So .
A :  Okay . That's pretty clear . So everybody knows how to work with the white board now ? So if you have any ideas or if you wanna draw anything on the white board , just ask and go ahead . It's pretty uh easy .
D :  Yeah .
C :  The pen .
A :  'Kay . S haunted white board . So we've got the tool uh introduction . We
D :  We're being haunted .
A :  move along to the project finance . Um as you can see , we um for our remote control , a selling price is uh twenty five Euros . Our selling price . Uh our profit aim is fifty million Euros . Uh that's the least we have to get from our remote controls , so we have to work together to reach our aims . Uh we can do it international , so we have to focus on different kind of users , different kind of cultures , and different kind of trends as well . Um but that's all in the later stadium .
A :  Our production cost um can be maximal twelve and a half Euros , so that's also a point we have to keep in mind , that we won't make remote controls with small televisions inside , and stuff like that . It won't work . So just try to remember these points . Selling price twenty five , profit aims fifty million um , but more important is the int international market we're trying to focus on . And production cost uh maximal twelve and a half Euros .
A :  So that's leads us to our little discussion . We've got about five or ten minutes left for discussion . So I'm gonna sit down , I think . It's easier . I've got a message . Five minutes . Okay , that's uh good timing .
D :  Yeah , you got a message .
B :  Five minutes , okay .
D :  So just on a side note , why is it my laptop is only giving me a black screen ?
B :  Mm ?
A :  Uh maybe you have to say the magic word .
D :  Yeah . Right .
A :  Does it do anything ?
D :  No .
A :  Maybe you have to just clap it down ?
A :  Mm back up again .
A :  No slide show . Hmm .
D :  It's off now .
A :  It's off . Now you have to put it back o Oh yeah . You'll be okay , I think .
D :  Well , it was on , but
A :  Well it's those laptops .
D :  Ah , there we are .
A :  Nice . Okay . But so mm does everybody has um experiences with uh remote controls , and I mean not the ordinary mote controls , but also a little bit different ones ? Like you can use for other ? No ? You ?
B :  Mm .
B :  Oh really ?
B :  Huh .
D :  Well , we have a
C :  No , me neither .
B :  It's a
D :  kind of broad T_V_ at home , and a D_V_D_ player , so we got like a lot of remote controls , one for the T_V_ , one for the video recorder , one for the D_V_D_ player . And I think it's it would be best to just make one remote control that can operate them all .
A :  Ah yeah .
A :  Yep . Yeah I've I've got one at home . And you can uh program I think eight different devices in it , and you can use it for your television , anything else . And it also operates on infra-red , so you have to got the little device inside your room , and then you can operate it from the third or th or second floor . So that's pretty handy when you have a video recorder or D_V_D_ player downstairs and you've got a link to your T_V_ on the second floor . So that's a pretty handy um
B :  Sure . Yeah .
B :  Okay , yeah . Yeah .
B :  Okay , yeah .
D :  Oh really .
B :  Hmm .
B :  Oh .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Mm-hmm .
A :  thing .
A :  Um but only the
A :  I think that if you can put different kind of devices in one remote control , it makes it a lot easier as well . It's uh
D :  Yeah .
B :  Oh .
A :  That's good to remember .
D :  So I think you can take minutes again .
A :  Yeah , that's nice , I think . So we've we want different functions
D :  Since it's your job .
D :  Yeah .
A :  uh and we can maybe see if we can do something with the infra-red . But I don't know if that will exceed the production costs . So that uh that's something we have to find out , I think .
B :  Mm .
D :  Yeah . But that would be really good if we could do that .
A :  And other functions for a remote control ?
A :  Maybe we can make it uh uh
D :  Um .
B :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Think it has to be shock proof
B :  Sure , yeah .
A :  Shock proof .
D :  my remote control tends to fall a lot .
B :  Waterproof , or uh
A :  Sure .
D :  So
B :  Uh , you never no know uh , I w I mean uh
A :  Waterproof .
A :  Okay . So these are our um a few things we can think of . Um I will put the minutes from this meeting uh in our project folder .
B :  'Kay .
D :  Yeah , one other little thing . Thought it might be handy to put a battery status display on it .
D :  So you can see
A :  That's a battery stays .
B :  Okay , yeah .
D :  how much is left in the battery .
D :  But they'll also really drag up the production costs , so think we'll have to see about that too .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Mm .
A :  Uh .
D :  But maybe just a little LED , I don't know .
A :  That's an idea as well . Other ideas ?
A :  Quick ideas .
C :  Nope . They were all mentioned , so
B :  Mm .
A :  Okay . Any questions about this uh presentation ? Kick off presentation .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Um .
D :  Nope , don't think so .
A :  No ?
A :  Okay , then I'll put the minutes from this meeting in the project folder ,
A :  and then we can all work .
A :  Finish meeting now . Okay . And we can all work uh on our own projects .
D :  Okay .
D :  Aye sir .
A :  Okay then I'll meet you in about a half an hour , I think . So good luck .
D :  Half an hour .
C :  Okay .
B :  Okay . Yep .
D :  Okay .
