B :  Now what .
A :  'Kay , hello everybody . Uh , I guess you all know what is it about , you all received the email , I guess . Uh , we are actually doing this meeting to start a new project which is about designing a remote control . So I'm going to be the project manager of this uh project .
A :  And uh so I'm present myself . I'm Fabien Cardinaux and uh I I guess you can present yourself .
A :  So I dunno , you can starts .
B :  Okay , so my name is Petre . You can call me Petre , or Peter if you like . I don't care .
A :  Okay .
D :  Uh my name's Bob Mor . Oh , sorry .
A :  And you are ? In the project ?
B :  Uh , in the project I'm supposed to be the technic .
D :  'Kay . So my name's Bob Morris . I'm the Marketing Expert for this project . Bob yeah .
B :  Bob , okay .
C :  My name is Hamed Getabdar , and uh I'm going to be Interface Designer in this project .
B :  Okay .
A :  So , uh , so today we are doing a short meeting to present the project , so um
A :  We are gooding we are going to present the tool we are we are going to use during all this project . We are talking about the project plan , and we are going to to discuss about st our first ideas and so on , and , yeah . So we have around twenty five minutes to do this meeting .
A :  Um . So what is the goal of this project ? Is to design a new remote control . So it should be , of course , new and original , and um it should be trendy , and user friendly . That mean it's a very challenging project , and uh
A :  uh . So w it's we will try to do our best , and hopefully come with something very new and that
A :  people want to buy .
A :  So , um
A :  So what's uh what are we going to do during this all this project ? So it's more like we are going to do inv individual work all in o in o our specialities and we are going to meet each other quite often to discuss and to find a good way .
A :  Um .
A :  Yeah and everything is will be like this .
A :  Um so now we are going to to get used t to to the tools we are going to use all during all this project . So we can try to use uh the whiteboard here . So uh . For example we can try to write what is our our favourite animal and write the f our favourite characteristics about it .
B :  Okay .
A :  Mm .
A :  Uh . So uh
A :  So I will ask you all to do the same . Just to get used to the whiteboard .
B :  Okay .
B :  So probably I would try to try to draw the animal . Well sh should I draw the picture of the animal ? I I th I think I should .
D :  Yeah go ahead .
A :  Yeah , yeah , you can draw the picture , of course .
B :  Okay , so .
B :  Um .
B :  Okay , American , um . Um . I would use the bird .
B :  So I tried to sketch it out .
B :  I had to first uh write it down because I am not absolutely sure if I can draw it , but ah .
B :  Can you recognise it as a bird ?
B :  Okay it's your turn to
D :  Okay , okay .
D :  So I think my favourite animal would be a c a cat .
A :  Oh .
D :  That's its head . Um I probably like cats the most because they're cuddly and furry and uh playful .
D :  Okay .
C :  I dunno if I should go with this .
B :  Oh it's okay .
D :  Thanks .
C :  If it is enough line . I'm sorry .
D :  Maybe put it up Put it a Maybe put it on the desk or something .
B :  Yeah .
B :  I should get used to the tool , so . Oh just wait a little bit . C could we put it here , to make it as straight as possible ? Ah probably not .
C :  Okay .
C :  They should be remote .
B :  Okay , it it works like this .
D :  Uh , that's better .
C :  Okay , thanks .
D :  Your lapel microphone's fallen off .
B :  Are you left-handed ? Oh , pity .
C :  No .
C :  Okay . Should I clean ?
C :  Okay , I think like horses uh because they are strong and beautiful , so if I want to write it here , I think I can .
C :  Oh .
A :  Never mind .
B :  Ah , it's maybe better if you leave it .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah . Maybe we should just continue . Yeah , don't worry about it .
A :  Yeah .
A :  , no worry .
D :  No .
C :  Okay .
B :  You won't draw them , or ?
A :  You can draw it , if you want .
C :  I dunno if I can . Okay . It may be like a cow or I dunno , whatever . I'm not good very good in drawing . Okay , so this is very It's a bird , I think . I dunno what is it .
B :  Just try . I would like to see how it looks like .
B :  No , I think it's clear .
C :  Four .
C :  Okay .
C :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Mm .
C :  Yeah . I'm shameful Yeah . Okay .
D :  Oh that's good , it's good .
B :  It's okay . It's in it's indeed beautiful .
A :  Good .
D :  Yeah , and strong .
B :  Okay .
B :  Bob . Have to remember it .
B :  Bob .
A :  So good um So , let's talk about money . Uh we are going to to sell we want to sell uh this remote control for twenty five Euro Euro . And uh our expected profit will be around fifty million Euro .
A :  And uh we are trying to to have a market all around the world .
A :  So n not only for Switzerland , but for the world .
A :  Uh .
A :  So , um .
A :  The We expect a production cost of maximum
A :  uh twelve point fifty Euro .
B :  Per unit , I guess . Y oh okay .
A :  Yeah , of course .
A :  Um , so we can start today to have a first idea of what we want to do what are our experiments with remote control , and any idea ? So , if you have some experience , good or bad , with remote controls you can share it and say what you f what is your idea . Anything .
B :  Okay .
D :  Well , from experience , um I've had remote controls in the past that have had very they've had lots and lots of buttons and they've been very small , and it's been very hard to to to use , because there's so many buttons , and you know it's very hard to see which buttons do what , and the buttons are very small and very hard to press . Um and and normally you only every use , you know , on a T_V_ remote you only ever use , mostly , you know , f four or f six buttons . Um .
A :  Mm .
B :  Oh .
D :  So it's frustrated me in the past , th that .
B :  Okay , I have also some points uh . Maybe two points . Uh first would be that in current remote controls there is no back light , so if you are if you are uh playing with this in the dark room it's it's probably worth to to have something like uh back light . And maybe it could be also dependant on the the amount of of light in the room , so that if if it's in the day it doesn't need to be back lighted because it works on the battery , so . So something like this .
A :  Yeah .
B :  And the second thing , f second point from me would be that in a normal remote control there is uh there are two buttons for volume control . But I prefer like a potential-meter or something like .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Ah , okay . Okay .
B :  You know , some slider or Not just two discrete buttons for volume , but something which
A :  Okay .
C :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Okay , n
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Is that because the of the discrete volume levels , or is that
A :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , but I can reach In uh one second I can mute it down , or or make a high volume .
A :  Are you not afraid that if you take your remote control you can move the slide and it could the the volume can go up very quickly and it can
D :  Yeah .
B :  Ah , n .
B :  If it drops to the floor then it starts to scream .
A :  Yeah , also if y when you take the the remote control , for example on the table , you take it and you push the button and everything is very loud , and
B :  Yeah , f It depends what what you feel about that .
A :  you have a heart attack .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Okay .
B :  Yeah but we can we can think of these things afterwards , but if you have some more notes on that .
A :  Yeah so you can Do you have something ?
C :  Uh I Yeah , just a simple experience . I uh I prefer um remote control working with radio waves , because remote control working with infra-red rays you should you should you should keep it in a specific direction and then try it hard to tune .
A :  Yeah , that's true .
A :  Yeah without obstacles and .
B :  Okay .
A :  Okay . Let's continue . I have a meeting in five minutes , so maybe we should hurry . Um . So we will close uh this meeting . So we will have a next meeting in uh thirty minutes .
B :  Um .
D :  Okay .
B :  Okay , just a second .
A :  Um .
A :  Uh . The So I will ask you to do some work . Uh the the interface interface developer will work on the on the design of the remote control , start to to have new idea and
B :  Which i which is Hamed , ? Okay .
A :  read about Yeah .
C :  Mm .
D :  He's the Industrial Designer ? No , you're the Industrial Designer .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Uh I am the Technical Designer , I dunno which one , uh v .
A :  Oh .
D :  Yeah , I think that's the first . I_D_ . Industrial Designer . And the second one is the User Interface Designer .
A :  Industry and Oh .
C :  Uh-huh .
C :  Mm-hmm .
B :  User Interf Okay .
D :  And then last one's marketing , which is me .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Okay , so I'm the first one .
A :  So , um
A :  For the User Interface Designer , which is Hamed um ,
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  uh , you are going to work on the technical functions of the remote control .
B :  I see .
C :  Okay .
A :  And for the Marketing uh
A :  Manager , I dunno , okay , which is Bob , uh
A :  you are going to try to to find the user requirements f uh for the remote control .
A :  Um , you will receive by email uh the specific instructions and uh by your personal coach .
B :  Sign .
A :  Yep finished .
A :  So I see you in thirty minutes .
D :  Great , okay . Thanks guys . Bye .
B :  Okay .
C :  Okay , thanks . Bye .
A :  Thank you .
B :  Uh .
