A :  Good .
C :  Beep .
C :  Oh .
B :  What ?
A :  So well uh welcome everyone . Um as you may have noticed I uh
B :  Yeah .
A :  created separate folders because it was uh tending to get a little busy in our uh shared project documents uh folder . I don't know if everybody uh put their own uh documents in the right folder , which is for now the detailed design meeting .
B :  Yeah .
D :  That's new one ?
B :  We didn't make any uh
A :  Yeah .
C :  Uh , we should save that one .
B :  Oh in
A :  Then I'll move this one .
B :  Didn't we just do that ?
C :  Yeah , save in the folder . Save as project .
B :  Oh .
A :  Oh no , this is just one big document , so you can leave that wherever it is . And we have a evaluation left here . Okay .
C :  Oh , okay .
C :  Hmm hmm .
C :  Agenda .
A :  Well not main documents this time . Oh uh yes . I have it open myself I guess . Um well the detailed design meeting Huh ?
B :  Hmm ?
A :  We're finally getting somewhere hopefully . Um what are we going to do ? I've opened it already . Um I'm still going to take some minutes , and if I'm right , you two are going to give a prototype presentation ?
C :  Oh , sorry .
B :  We could .
A :  Aren't you ? Yes , you are . And uh m did you do something with evaluation criteria ? Good . And we have a correct agenda . And uh then we have to look at something which is less nice , the finance uh aspect , whether we can afford what we have designed , and if we can we can uh commence the final part which is the production or project evaluation , how did we work together and what are the results , and how happy are we with those . Okay , well finance uh will be later . Now I'd like to give the word to you two .
C : 
D :  Yep . Yep .
B :  Oops .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Okay .
C :  Get up stand up . just 'Kay .
B :  Well uh we made a prototype . We first start with the overall uh
C :  View .
B :  This is about the total remote control . We made it green .
C :  Just example colour , so uh there's one of the colours we would like to uh see in our prototype .
B :  Yeah .
B :  It's a fresh colour . And uh the screen light blue .
B :  Oh uh this the scroll button and the microphone on the on the sides here under . And the R_ and R_ logo , it just says R_ and R_ now , but uh
C :  Okay ?
B :  Any questions so far ?
D :  Big microphone .
C :  yeah , just uh just an idea about how to m th that could also be possible .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Oh okay .
D :  That's the place where it's going to be , not the size .
C :  Uh well , it's an idea in a so .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Oh y you perhaps you should make it a bit big , so people know it's there and uh
C :  Do not forget it .
B :  Uh
D :  Mm-hmm .
C :  To function it it doesn't really have to be sm uh big of course . The microphone could be just a minor uh hole uh on the left uh button . Okay um
D :  Yeah , okay . Of course .
B :  Hmm .
D :  Mm . Mm , th yeah .
D :  Small .
C :  we also made some uh ideas about how uh the options menu would work . Uh using the scroll button on sides uh y uh I uh um
B :  You push the scroll button and it's claps out if there's a
C :  Yeah , you push the scroll button
C :  and a drop down menu or a pull out menu comes out and uh you get uh you get the options uh becoming available . For example uh T_V_ settings , uh remote settings , et cetera . So uh you can scroll down too with the scroll uh button , uh as you can see oh , it's here , just push it in , uh the menu comes out like this and uh i it all becomes visible . Um
B :  Remote settings , et cetera .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah . And you could also touch it so that it comes out , and and use the the the scroll thing as a with your fingers .
C :  Yeah , that's c Yeah .
C :  Indeed .
B :  Yes .
C :  Okay , um it's also uh nice to see that um we made a small uh menu , uh the options menu uh becoming available when pressing the uh scroll uh button , and the opportunity to use the teletext , whi which is used uh which should still be used and we think that it's uh very handy to put it uh not uh under the options menu , but in uh Yes .
C :  In an apart uh
B :  Yeah .
A :  So a separate button for for text , okay .
C :  In a separate button , yeah .
B :  Yeah . Perhaps we should use the teletext sign in p yeah .
C :  A sign , yeah , just like Okay , indeed . Okay , we can uh modify that later . Okay . Would you like to make any comments about next uh
B :  Yeah .
B :  Forgot .
B :  Uh well , this is the total interface uh that f of the L_C_D_ screen . Uh the numbers , which is pretty straight forward . We put ano an an extra button in . We can erase it , but It's the button where you can switch channels . just when you are one and you go to two , you can or if you go to five , you can go back to one with that button . Yeah , that one , yeah . It has a name . And uh uh we put that in , I thought it would be handy there . Uh this the one number or two numbers button . Below that , the page and the sound . And uh in the middle the the mute .
C :  Previous page , yeah , indeed .
C :  Oh my God .
B :  Uh battery indicator . It's it's a bit big . And this is the uh the on off uh knop , the stand by uh knop .
C :  It's quite large .
B :  Or at least it should look like it . And the options uh of teletext .
C :  Okay . You can see very clearly now that the uh teletext and options menu isn't uh taking uh much uh uh it's taking much part of the screen , so it's very uh when you uh when you use it , doesn't uh become irritating to see . 'Cause if you put it on the top you always get see the the options menu .
B :  Huh .
C :  'Cause people regularly uh read from left top to right down , so
A :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Yeah . Well this about it , I think .
C :  Okay . Huh .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Thank you . Looks good .
B :  I will put it back on the on the nice green .
A :  And I just missed when I was typing The R_R_ stands for ?
B :  That's the logo of the Yeah . It's th th right now it's only R_ R_ , but uh
A :  Logo , okay . Okay well
C :  Full screen .
A :  I would have recognised it if it were the right colours of course .
D :  Shit .
B :  Yeah . Sorry .
C :  Alright .
D :  'Kay .
A :  Okay , the evaluation criteria , huh ?
B :  Oh full screen , yeah .
C :  Huh .
D :  Evaluation .
D :  'Kay , my task was this time to put up a questionnaire
D :  by which we can evaluate the design of the remote control by the questions we requirements from the of the users . My name , my job , okay . The methods .
C :  My name , my job .
D :  Questionnaire with seven point scale from one to seven , from true to false , like question , is remote big enough , we can say it's true or it's false by steps .
B :  Right .
D :  One means absolutely not true , seven means true .
B :  Yeah .
D :  The three important things of refa are uh from th of this year is are , is the remote control fancy enough ,
C :  Sorry , you used the PowerPoint
B :  Yeah .
D :  is it in innovative enough , and is it easy enough to use .
D :  And then evaluation itself .
D :  Uh .
C :  What ? Bling .
D :  So .
D :  Okay . First question . Is the design fancy enough ?
B :  Yeah .
B :  Well
D :  Project Manager , what do you think ?
A :  Well it's looks fancy , especially with the green colour . And the the curves which we decided , huh ?
B :  Yeah .
D :  But does it
D :  Yeah .
A :  Only what happened to the single curve
A :  we spoke about last meeting ?
C :  Now uh the single curved idea was uh
B :  It uh oh it's in the background . Oh .
C :  Yeah , okay , you ge um
B :  Y you should make uh a sideways uh view .
C :  Yeah . The sideways view , uh that that that ma
B :  It will be , I guess . Oh , we can
C :  Ho not that pen . Not that pen .
B :  Oh g I would smart board . Uh can I draw here or uh
D : 
A :  Well it might work one time , huh .
C :  Suppose so .
D :  Think .
B :  Ooh .
D :  Yeah , yeah , you can .
C :  Ah . Oh my God , it works .
B :  So it would be uh something like this from the side , but with a bit of uh curve here , right ?
C :  Yeah , that's the single curve indeed .
B :  Yeah .
B :  So if you v flip it like this .
C :  Yep .
A :  Okay .
B :  Here's yeah .
C :  That's not very i it's also uh very handy if you make a side curve way to make the the remote control very thin at the bottom uh at a bottom at a bottom . Uh make it uh rather thick on the top , because uh on the top it has uh the screen , which takes uh in some uh space , and the batteries can be located over there , so uh
B :  Yeah . So you just make the back of this part a bit bigger , so that it lays a bit o
C :  Yeah .
D :  Isn't going to be a little bit heavy at the top ?
B :  Yeah , that's a bit of problem maybe .
C :  No .
D :  With two batteries , the whole print plate and t and top , and if you're holding it quite a lot I think
B :  Yeah .
B :  I think yeah , the battery should be in here , because it's just nothing , so if you could
C :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Okay , indeed . Yeah .
B :  Yeah . 'Cause otherwise I think i
A :  Okay , but we have to rate uh these things now ? Okay .
D :  Yeah , we have to rate . Is it fancy enough ? True is one , false is seven .
D :  So fancy enough means , does it comes to the younger people and the elder people .
B :  I think it does . I if you don't make it green , then the elder people won't won't like it .
C :  I think so . It's pretty fancy .
D :  I think
D :  Yeah , I have to agree , all the colour colours don don doesn't matter that m that much now , it's only design .
C :  you get th
B :  Yeah .
A :  Mm-hmm .
B :  I think it does .
A :  Yeah .
D :  And the design .
A :  Well I think uh especially because of the microphone and the L_C_D_ screen also .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah . I don't know whether older people will use it , but
A :  Very new thing . Well
D :  So
A :  Fancy the old people will .
B :  I would make it a two or something .
D :  A two ?
B :  Yeah .
C :  It's true , it's a one . Very fancy .
B :  Huh ?
B :  Alright , it's a one . Oh it's a one .
A :  No , it's a two . Little bit strange we have to judge that ourselves , huh ?
D :  Yeah , I n used I wouldn I should use that one , but it doesn't
B :  Yeah .
B :  But it's a one uh Maybe uh
D :  Okay , no it's two ? True is a one . Very true , is it very true or isn't that true ?
B :  Yeah .
A :  Well I'd say two on a scale
B :  Well they think it's very true , but uh
C :  It's very true , because we designed it to be very fancy , so
D :  Yeah , I think two .
B :  Yeah , but
C :  It's very fancy , I think . Have you ever seen a remote control like this ?
B :  We should perhaps
A :  No , okay well , that's true .
C :  No , okay , so so it's fancy .
D :  That's fancy enough .
B :  That not .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Then ?
A :  Okay , one two . That doesn't matter that much , so make it a one .
D :  Okay . Let's give it a two . Is it innovative ?
C :  Yeah .
B :  I think it is , because it has an L_C_D_ screen , a mi microphone .
D :  Enough .
A :  Yeah m
C :  And uh uh the scroll is rubber , so s
D :  We have for the search function .
B :  It's from rubber . Yeah .
D :  The scroller a bit I think it's it's a one yeah .
C :  Eno enough to I think .
B :  It's a one I think .
D :  True .
D :  Also huh uh-huh the buttons , are they easy to find ? That was a big requirement of the old people .
B :  Yeah , because they're right on your screen .
B :  So you can use the b the the arrows .
C :  Huh .
B :  They're right on your screen , so I don't know where you'd search . Yeah .
C :  With the ones
D :  Are all the buttons easy to find ? Not only this buttons , all the buttons .
B :  Well , I think they are .
B :  The options are it uh little bit harder , but if you touch the options then it's uh
C :  Yeah .
C :  Take a harder look , yeah , sure .
D :  I think th it's
C :  It's easier than the regular uh remote control .
D :  easy t
D :  Yeah , I think this is easy now . I think th I think the options buttons are not the the easiest way to to
A :  Yeah , and you use these buttons the most , huh ? So
C :  Yeah .
B :  No they're not , but they're they're they are easy to find .
D :  to handle .
D :  True .
D :  I would rate it a
C :  Yeah , they are a lot easier to find than uh th than on the regular remote controls where you have to uh find out what which sign or icon means on uh every button . So you have t you have to use the the the manual to understand most Yeah .
B :  Oh .
D :  Yeah , okay , that's true , that's true .
B :  Yeah .
A :  So which
D :  But that's that's vantage of L_C_D_ screen , you can have text .
A :  So which number are we going to fill in ?
C :  I think it's uh it's a two , at least .
B :  I would say yeah .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , you can make it a two .
A :  A two , yeah ? Two , three and what do you think ?
D :  Yeah .
C :  It's not perfect , but
D :  I think it's a three .
C :  A three ? And why is that ?
A :  Okay , so we have two , two , three .
D :  I personally think , because I d I don't think i maybe it's easy to use , it has to be easy to find right away . I I think if you have the button at the right , I don't think you can find the option button that easy .
B :  Yeah , but you don't have t have to use the button on the right . You can touch it . Yeah .
D :  You can touch it .
C :  It said bo both the options .
B :  You you can touch options .
D :  Yeah , okay , but you have y then you have here s written option on here , the teletext button , right ? Okay , then okay , good . Then I think also two , yeah .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
B :  You can touch options and it's comes out .
A :  A two , okay , because we have to
D :  Yep .
C :  A two , a two .
B :  The uh the um Below .
A :  It's the box below it , huh ?
C :  Uh the next question the next question . Oh my God .
A :  Otherwise we have two results in one question .
B :  It's different .
A :  Okay , next question .
D :  It's easy to use , as well for younger as elderl elderly people .
B :  For young people I think it's easy to use .
D :  Young means sixteen to forty years . And elderly from forty eight to their death .
C :  Yeah , I was uh Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
B :  I think it's
C :  I think it's the most useful uh remote control ever to be manufactured . Yeah , but because it has the regular uh controls , li uh as you can see in the screen now , and uh
B :  In the entire mankind .
A :  Okay , you're very enthusiastic about your own design , huh ?
D :  Also if you're sixty years old
C :  you don't have all the other options uh always uh on your screen . So it's t I think it's really easy to use . You want these options to
B :  Yeah .
A :  As well for the for the older people ?
D :  Yeah , as well as your if you're fif sixty years old , you're holding one of those things in your hand
C :  Uh sure .
B :  Yeah , but uh
B :  Yeah , but they they don't want the uh extra options , right ? So
D :  No , but we're going to th make this f for a all kind of people , so it it it has to be
A :  And would it be easy for them to use the speech recognition ?
B :  Yeah , okay , but so they could
B :  Uh I think it is . If they read a manual .
A :  Because that might Yeah . Okay , well
D :  If you read the manual , always .
C :  Perhaps that is one of the most uh
B :  Yeah , alright .
B :  Because it it's not it's not it's it's not uh difficult . You say you say uh record to to the to the speech recognition , then you say the question and the answer . And that's everything it does , the speech recognition .
A :  M maybe that's the most user friendly and easy to use .
C :  Uh because a lot of
C :  Channel one , channel four , yeah .
A :  Yeah , well maybe that would make it even more easy to use for them .
B :  Yeah .
B :  I think it would make it uh
C :  Yeah , I think it does . Because all the people who can't uh
D :  So
B :  I would make it two .
D :  Also two ? Not a seven for this ?
B :  Yeah .
C :  Uh a two . Sure , two . Oh .
B :  Three ?
A :  I'd say three .
D :  I would also say three .
C : 
B :  Oh . You ?
A :  Okay , so we have three three two two or
C :  Two .
B :  Oh . Well
A :  So what are we going to do ? Okay , a three , I see . Uh
B :  Two and a half . Three ? No .
C :  Give me more .
A :  Another question .
D :  Remotes overwhelmed with buttons .
B :  No .
C :  No .
A :  No .
D :  No , that that's that's yeah . Tha that's a one , I think , that's definitely a one .
B :  But um I mean , that's definitely one .
C :  That's definitely our uh
B :  Oh nee , oh seven is it ? It is . Yeah , uh the remote score .
D :  No ? Oh yeah .
C :  A false , yeah .
A :  Yeah . Yeah , but I think you should make it one scale with with one being good and seven being bad , because otherwise we can't uh calculate anything from the results , so
D :  Yeah , I think isn't , this has to be something like isn't overwhelmed .
B :  It's not overwhelmed .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , indeed .
D :  True .
A :  Okay , a one , because we designed for that , huh ?
B :  Yep .
D :  Remote control has uh colours that different that meet different target groups .
B :  Yes .
C : 
B :  'Cause we make them in different colours , so that they uh
D :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , is optional .
A :  Yeah .
D :  That's true .
A :  Yeah , and I though w we had about single colours , but you can also make uh a wood colour , not just one single colour but a wood-like thing , can't you ?
B :  Yeah . That it that it looks like wood , like something , yeah . Uh I think you can .
C :  Huh .
D :  Also with rubber ?
A :  Whether it looks like wood , it isn't w it isn't wood but
D :  Yeah , okay .
B :  It it feels like rubber , but
A :  You can make a print on rubber , can't you ? Yeah . So that's a one then , huh ?
C :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah ?
B :  Well but then when you scratch it it does come off .
D :  That's a one ? Okay .
C :  Yeah , it is it is harder to
B :  So that's a bit
A :  Do you have many questions ?
D :  Uh I have
C :  to like
A :  Oh , okay well
B :  Oh we have time .
C :  Geez .
A :  Yeah , but we have We also We have to get to the money .
C :  We're getting paid . We're getting paid .
D :  The material used is spongy , that that's uh that's a one , that's m rubber .
B :  What ?
A :  What spongy .
B :  Yeah , yeah , it's very spongy . Oh but not it's not very spongy , because it's hard rubber .
C :  Uh .
D :  Yeah , I th think it's not the most spongy thing .
B :  I think it's a three .
C :  Yeah , it's a three , because you want to make it uh rather flexible but not too flexible , because it has a L_C_D_ screen .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Uh-huh , yeah .
B :  Hard but
B :  Yeah . You can break it . Yeah .
D :  Remote control is hard to lose .
C :  Hard to lose , yeah it sh and it's easy to find .
B :  Y yeah , you could you could call it .
D :  Y you can't you can't lose it if you're sixty years old . If first time see the thing you didn didn't adjust uh set the microphone , and then you lose it , then you have lost it .
B :  Yeah , y you can lose it , but it isn't hard to lose .
D :  It isn't hard , no . I think I think this is a two , personally .
B :  Two . That it's hard to lose ? Yeah , it it is there's the it's a six , you think ?
D :  No .
C :  Isn't hard to lose .
A :  Yeah , so isn't hard to lose you .
C :  Isn't hard to lose , yeah .
D :  Isn't hard to lose .
B :  So it's a two . Yeah , you can lose it , so I don't you can make it a three I
D :  Yeah .
D :  You can't lose it .
B :  It does have an a built in function .
D :  Or if you're you're sixty years old , your demands
A :  Yeah , but a har
A :  A hard to lose is good . So it should this question should be hard to lose . It's difficult to lose it .
B :  Nee .
B :  Hard to lose . Oh right .
C :  Yeah , this this is hard to lose .
B :  It is hard to lose . Yeah , so then this is it is almost true , so a two .
C :  This
A :  A two .
D :  I think yeah , I think also .
A :  A two .
C :  Two , yeah .
A :  Okay .
B : 
C :  And most all because of the option to Whoa .
D :  Huh ?
B :  Ooh .
A :  Yeah , it's okay . That happens above also . But maybe when you scroll away and back it will be normal , but
B :  Oh .
C :  Uh .
D :  Yeah ? Oh , okay .
A :  Yep . Oh , it isn't , well okay . Remember .
D :  No .
B :  Oh well , it doesn't .
C :  put the cor cursor on the .
D :  Okay okay okay . Remote control mainly be sold to younger people .
C :  Click .
C :  True .
B :  I think it will , yeah .
D :  Yeah ? True ?
C :  True .
D :  Very true ?
C :  Uh yeah . Uh
B :  Uh well I a a two .
D :  No , I don't think very true because the colours .
A :  There .
D :  We have the colours . Um we have the buttons is aren't that that much .
C :  Materials , yeah .
D :  Nah , the material isn't that
B :  It's it's much more younger .
C :  Uh okay . So ma uh make it make it a two .
D :  So I don I think I think it's a three .
A :  Well I think it's it's uh a lower number , so better because w we designed it for young people especially , didn't we ?
B :  Yeah . I think it's a two but
D :  Yeah , but I uh
D :  Okay , okay . I think because yeah ?
A :  What do you think ?
A :  Questions ?
C :  A two ? I think it's two . I think it's two too , two too too .
A :  Two .
A :  Uh-huh .
B :  Two two two . Let's make everything a two .
D :  In the features ?
A :  Dissatisfy younger people . Um
B :  Younger people . It has
C :  Well perhaps not .
B :  What did
D :  Because younger peoples are cr critical and they wanted a lot of features on this thing .
B :  Yeah . Well that it doesn't .
C :  Well , n not exactly but uh uh if it had some games on it or something like that , but it's for a remote control I think it i it would satisfy those needs . Yeah , the speech possibility , the colours .
B :  Yeah bu but
B :  I think they like the speech .
B :  You could call to your uh yeah , and the screen , yeah .
D :  L_C_D_ screen and scroll .
C :  Scroll options , yeah .
D :  I I think they'll be quite met with their expectations .
A :  Yeah , but those are more fancy functions , not not really many features or something .
B :  Right , that that that those are features .
D :  No .
A :  It has relatively few features , with
D :  It's three features , basically , the L_C_D_ touch screen is feature .
C :  Yeah .
D :  The microphone is a feature .
B :  No , aren't the features the microphone's feature and that you can change the channel's feature , and that you can change the volume is feature , and that you can change the options of the remote , uh uh something like that . Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , okay .
A :  Ours had other features with
D :  I think yeah , and then you have the audio settings , channel setting , video settings .
C :  The easy volume up button .
B :  Those are features .
C :  Remote younger people usually use the remote control to put on the volume . Turn uh turn up the volume .
D :  Yeah yeah . So I've chos I shou I think it's it's it's a one .
B :  Enough features ?
D :  Personally , yeah . I think once you've 'cause you have the channel features b uh you have the uh screen features , audio features , the you have all buttons on it which you'd like , microphone extra , L_C_D_ screen extra , scroll
D :  thing extra .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Okay , you think one , what do you think ?
B :  I think two or three .
A :  You . three , yeah . I'd say three , so two it is then or
C :  Two .
B :  Yeah . Yeah uh a two a two . Just another two . We like two .
D :  Make it make it a two .
C :  One two three .
D :  Or make it uh a fucking two . You can see the remote control is R_ and R_ .
C :  Right .
B :  Yeah , there's R_ and R_ in front . Uh it's not the colour , so maybe you should make two , but it has R_ and R_ .
C :  Uh .
A :  Yeah . Yep .
D :  Has oh yeah , do did have nah y you have the black one . And we'll probably make also a yellow one .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , but not R_ and R_ yellow I think .
A :  Yeah . Yeah , maybe maybe two . Well m th but the logo is on on the front , so a two , yeah , that's
D :  Maybe two .
C :  Okay , true , yeah .
B :  One d on i it's the colours and the
D :  X_ marks spot . And the menu is avail that is available is easy to use .
B :  I think it is , but I don't know what you think .
C :  I think it's easier to use than a regular remote control , because when you push on the options menu , you get the the the various options uh entirely explained . Entirely explained .
D :  Yeah , tha that's so true .
D :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Instead of uh just finding out what an icon means on a button .
D :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Yeah , uh
B :  And you can navigate easier , because wi with the you have to push the the the arrows and with a normal T_V_ uh remote .
C :  Yeah , you can navigate .
C :  Uh .
D :  I think that wou that would be quite hard to learn to use it . No , I'm not not convinc . Let's go th for I think it would be a t yeah , two . Now lower .
C :  You're not satisfied , okay . Let's start over again then .
B :  Yeah . Let's make a different remote . Well
B :  Menu .
B :  A two ? We only have twos .
C :  A two .
A :  Oh , well that's that's pretty good , huh ?
C :  Oh yeah , I think so . Yeah .
B :  Uh just twos . One three and a few ones .
D :  So okay , we have one three , a one , that that have to got up .
C :  And three .
B :  Two threes .
D :  Two two two two two . So two , yeah . The average is a two . That is quite good
B :  We m mostly have twos , so it's pretty good .
B :  Yeah .
C :  The average .
B :  Yeah . I think so too .
D :  in my opinion .
C :  Yeah , I think so .
D :  That
B :  We can be happy .
D :  Ooh .
C :  Save .
D :  Ooh .
B :  Yeah . What is it ? It's like a bug or something . A fly , yeah .
C :  It's a fly .
C :  Oh m
B :  A f butterfly .
D :  Top .
B :  Yeah .
B :  That's it .
D :  Okay .
A :  That was your evaluation uh show , okay , so we don't have to calculate anything because of um these results . Okay , good . Um let's see oh , it isn't asked to save but it did already
D :  Yes .
B :  Sure .
D :  No , it's two . The average is two .
B :  It's good . Yeah .
C :  Yeah . Exactly .
D :  Yeah , I uh uh I uh saved it .
A :  And this
A :  Everything okay . Well , the next part uh might be a little bit
A :  difficult to do
A :  in a group , but I am willing to try it .
A :  Because we are going to look at the finance and I have a nice Excel sheet to do that .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Redesign . No .
A :  And um I'm not sure if I put it in the project folder . look on that . Um and we're going to calculate the production costs , and if they are uh under or at twelve Euro fifty ,
C : 
B :  Yeah .
A :  we're good , and if they're not we're going to uh re-design , but we have to do that uh very very quick I think , yes . Um I don't know if I
B :  Yeah .
B :  So we're going to erase features or something .
B :  Do you have the cost or uh
A :  put the Excel sheet in the
B :  Let's hope . We're going to be here at eight o'clock .
A :  n not in the
D :  f fifty five Euros .
A :  folder . I think it's
A :  I think it's still in my own documents folder .
B :  We're goin still going to be here at eight o'clock .
D :  No .
B :  I doubt it . Perhaps we've got features that don't exist in the Excel sheet .
A :  Oh shit .
D :  Yeah mm yeah , maybe .
A :  So
B :  No , it was in my uh my information , so uh
D :  The microphone . Yeah ? maybe you're going scrap scrap it .
C :  Yeah . It i It wasn't too much .
B :  Yeah .
C :  As well as the L_C_D_ screen . Whoa .
A :  Okay , well this is it . Um maybe I could ask one of you to uh fill it in , so that I can also uh take minutes , and uh maybe the other can uh use that thing to count uh numerous functions .
B :  Well , if it doesn't work
B :  I want to fill it in , but uh
D :  No prob .
D :  Ah .
B :  But you should uh direct
D :  Count it ? Li like write it be
A :  Well we have to count some things and we have to think about some things . But you have to fill in this column , huh ? No , uh count uh number of functions , because for every button you have to pay and there are different screen shots , so or different different screens , so
C :  Count it . You got Excel to count .
B :  The number of
C :  Oh okay . Well I dra uh Danny , Danny , I'll do that , because I draw the uh
D :  Ah , okay , cool . Huh ? Yeah ? Oh , yea yeah , you design it . Um
B :  We've got a battery , one or t two batteries , or not ? nee one battery , with two small batteries .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , but it's it's more about the energy source , huh ? Do you use a hand dynamo , a battery , kinetic or solar cells ?
B :  Yeah . I would do a battery we do . Right ? A battery . One battery , right ?
D :  Solar cell . No it took a battery ?
A :  We'll wait .
C :  No , no solar cell , no no no no .
A :  Yeah .
C :  No hand dynamo . Hand
D :  Yeah .
B :  Electronics , simple chip advanced chip , right ?
D :  We have
D :  No , we have sample speaker . But b al but we also have sample speaker , do
C :  On advanced chip .
C :  Yeah , yeah .
B :  Yeah , so this one and this one .
B :  Uh we ha we have um single what ? Are we ? Oh yay .
D :  Oh , we already on nine .
D :  We have double curved .
C :  Single nee single curved . Double curved was uh uh see uh ju three dimensional . But it isn't three dimensional , it isn't curved in a l
B :  The single .
D :  Single .
D :  This one is
B :  Oh the the it's not going to work uh people . We have rubber .
D :  This one is curved like this , right . It's curved like this .
A :  I'll just fill it in .
C :  No no no , single curved is like this . Uh that's the only curve you made , not th uh curved like that . That's uh
A :  Um rubber indeed ?
D :  Yeah , bu what
D :  Oh , but we have curves like it and it . There are two curves , right ? Oh , okay I understand , I understand . Rubber .
B :  Thirteen ?
C :  Huh ?
B :  With a scroll wheel , right ? Is he integrated ? No , eh ?
C :  Yeah .
B :  I don't know .
D :  Push button . No , we don't have push button .
C :  Yeah , we gotta integrate scroll wheel and push button , because when you push it and you w it won't just pu uh makes possible to s
B :  Oh yeah , right , we want it to it's not it's not no . Yep . Fifteen , oh , too bad .
D :  L_C_D_ display .
C :  Not going to work ? Okay .
C :  Okay um
B :  Oh but with special colour we have . A special form , right ?
C :  But now button supplements . We don't got the button supplements .
B :  Oh , we don't have any buttons , so Yeah , we need to uh
D :  Eighteen and a half , damn . We have to lower it with six points .
C :  Damn .
C :  Okay .
B :  No , uh we have fifteen and oh , right .
D :  Twelve and half .
B :  We could lose the curve .
C :  Nah .
D :  We could use
B :  Yeah , I would lose the curve .
C :  We could lose the scroll wheel . You could make it just a regular scroll wheel .
B :  But you can't push it , so you have to tap .
C :  Yeah , if you can't push it you have to tap the the options window uh button here and then uh scroll down with the d with uh with uh the button .
B :  Yeah , alright . So normal scroll wheel ?
A :  Yeah , I think that will be
A :  our best bet .
C :  Normal scroll wheel .
B :  And I think we should lose the curve .
D :  I think we should scrap the sample speaker . It's four pri it four units .
C :  Lose
B :  Yeah , but if you would i it is a new feature , it it's something special .
C :  Okay , so we don't exactly need the single We don't need a curve . 'S possible to lose curve .
D :  But w d wha
B :  No , the curve doesn't really
D :  Curved then it will be square .
B :  No , then it will won't uh stand up from the table . Then it would just
D :  Was that does that mean to it , single curve ?
C :  Okay . Yeah , that's meant with scr uh with s curve . The curve is uh in a dimension . If you make it a flat one , s n it's no curve , you got no curves . Yeah , okay .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Okay .
B :  So
B :  We would lose this one ?
D :  Yeah , but tha that that only is one .
B :  Yeah , we could s yeah , a bit .
C :  No , two .
D :  No , one .
B :  Sixteen point three .
C :  Oh , okay , indeed .
D :  So we don't Yeah , we also have to
B :  So we still
C :  Is it possible to make
B :  Could could we do it on a regular chip on print or something ?
D :  No , otherwise we don't have an L_C_D_ screen .
B :  No ? Ma y you just can't do that , or uh
C :  No .
A :  And what did you change ? You changed the uh scroll wheel and
B :  We changed th
B :  Yeah , and the single curved to uncurved .
D :  Single curved . Flat .
A :  Oh , but it's just one
D :  Yeah , so that does doesn't doesn't that mu I think
A :  point , so maybe you should should uh
B :  No .
D :  Scrap sample speaker ? That that's uh
A :  Yeah , you should you should drop the speech recognition .
C :  The sample speaker is two d wait , f s four points .
B :  Yeah , but it's t
D :  Yes , four points .
B :  Yeah , but it is uh it it is a new feature , it is something special .
A :  And then you can keep the curve .
A :  Or can't you ?
C :  Yeah , uh becau uh when you lose the
D :  Yeah , but what what else what else uh do you want to scrap ? F You have to we have to scrap four points .
B :  I don't know . Yeah , that's difficult .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Or make it on a hand dynamo , but I don't think that will work .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Ma make it with wood instead of rubber ?
C :  No , that's no . Make it w uh when you made it uh uh uh a remote control of wood ?
B :  Uh .
B :  We could make it titanium instead of rubber .
C :  You don't make a remote control of Ah .
D :  Yeah , it it i Yeah , it also uh it also takes one point less .
A :  Yeah , mm-hmm .
A :  Yeah , but uh a wooden remote control only helps for uh old people we discussed , yes ?
B :  Oh . Oh can I ask something ? What is special colour ?
D :  Yeah .
B :  Is that the wood uh wood uh this , we have to have that one too ?
D :  I think it is .
C :  It isn't .
C :  What ?
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , but it's only a half . But I think the only option is to drop the uh sample speaker .
D :  Yeah . Sample speaker .
C :  To knock the sample speaker , yeah . And sample sensor .
B :  Th then we still have too much
D :  Yeah , okay , three . Point three .
B :  if we use the uh
C :  But m yeah , course , but What we'll have . Let's make it thirteen or fourteen .
B :  Yeah , we we scrap that one ?
D :  Huh ?
D :  Point twelve .
B :  See , a po three . We need point three .
D :  That's a scroll wheel .
B :  Uh it's a colour . Don't make it wood .
C :  A colour .
D :  Yeah , but a wood we can make it brown , dark brown , not wood .
B :  Make it uh
B :  Yeah , but it's it's special colour , is it
C :  Yeah , special colours , fruity colours .
B :  a all kind of colours ? It's also green or uh
D :  Is it also no that that's just normal colour fruit colours . Normal colours , yellow
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , but it's a special colour than just rubber colour . You have to add something to the rubber to make it green . You don't say here's green rubber .
C :  Yeah .
C :  They don't sell green rubber plants . Alright .
D :  Yeah , but then I d I don't think we can ever make to a twelve and half .
B :  Yeah , you can , you should you have to lose
D :  But then we have to scrap L_C_D_ display , we have to scrap uh
B :  No , it is the scroll wheel , I guess .
C :  No no no .
D :  s advanced chip .
D :  No then we have to scrap everything we got because how many colours we gonna make ? Five ? Then we have two .
C :  If we lose the scroll wheel and make it totally uh depending uh dependent on uh the touch screen
D :  S touch .
B :  A push , yeah .
C :  then it's possible to make . And then you can and then you can add to the colours .
D :  Then we can make add two colours on it . Yeah , two colours it .
C :  Special c Okay , if you lose uh if you lose the
B :  Switch colours .
B :  It was such a great idea .
C :  You lose this one , you got eleven point five and you make i and then you can make uh the spec single curve , for example .
D :  They can add two colours .
D :  But the colours . Um how ma uh the colours like l she told ,
D :  is that all the colours we add or
C :  How d uh uh how many colours ? Special colours , all the colours you want , because you want to make p
B :  What do you mean ?
D :  Yeah , but we we we are we have yellow , red , uh black , titanium .
C :  Yeah , but uh when you use more than one colour , it's a special colour .
B :  Oh . But I think when you use the colour that's not originally the rubber then you use special colour , 'cause you have to add it .
D :  Ah okay .
C :  I suppose .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , but the rubbers alls original black .
B :  Yeah , so you always lose the special colour . You co you could make it always black , like normal remote .
D :  Yeah b
D :  Yeah , but we're gonna make it yellow uh red , and then you add you have two special colours on top of the one we have now .
C :  Nee we we also want to make ano another colour .
B :  Oh right , yeah . Yeah , we should u Yeah . We have to make this like four or five or something . That's what it means .
D :  Yeah , but m
D :  Yeah , because we have more colours than only black .
A :  Yeah , but isn't it per remote that you pay ?
B :  Yeah .
D :  I then I think I p I don I don't think they me mean they're special
B :  Oh right , yeah . Is it per remote ? Yeah .
A :  Half ?
A :  I think you pay half per remote . So each remote with a special colour .
B :  Yeah , that's right , and you one colour per remote . So then it is one .
C :  Yeah , indeed , yeah . You don't need four of those uh four of those special colours in one in one remote .
D :  Yeah , okay okay , true .
D :  True , true .
B :  No .
A :  I hope .
D :  We have two points spare . Nee one point .
A :  So the battery , we have um advanced chip on print .
B :  One .
B :  So it would be curved , single curve .
A :  Because of thing Yeah , well you can at least make it curved again .
B :  Or not ?
C :  Hmm .
B :  So y you just can't make a nice remote .
C :  Yeah , single curve .
A :  Because that was very important , huh ?
B :  It's too bad for the speaker .
A :  So it's curved , it's still that so we we dropped the speech recognition together with the speaker .
D :  Mm yep .
B :  Should we change that tha that that's a one if not , or not ? Could you copy it ? And make it uh
A :  We dropped the scroll wheel .
A :  And the rest is the same , huh ?
D :  Y yea the scroll wheel is dropped .
A :  Am I right ? Yes .
B :  The entire uh
C :  Uh . Huh .
D :  Yep .
B :  Perhaps you can then copy page or so .
B :  Ooh .
B :  No . Oh you you made the entire could you
C :  Okay .
C :  Undo , undo . Undo .
B :  Oh not Well .
C :  So , 'kay . Twenty minutes ?
B :  Would you ?
B :  By the Perhaps you can save this one , and then copy or something . Add it copy page .
B :  Select all .
A :  No , but you c yeah .
B :  Alright , something went wrong .
D :  Tap .
A :  Okay , but this this new remote we can afford .
B :  It doesn't work . Let's forget .
D :  It should've work .
C :  Okay , so you had this list at start ? Alright . When did you receive this list ? Ah okay .
A :  Hmm ? No , I hadn't . I just received it .
B :  Yeah . Oh ignore that .
A :  They don't work so hard at the finance department .
C :  Ah okay . I suppose this is a
B :  Well , so
C :  Okay , so we lose the scroll wheel , the s
B :  Too bad .
B :  Yeah . The microphone .
A :  Yeah , and that's it .
B :  Yeah . A and we changed something , I guess , or not ? We
C :  And the microphone .
B :  Oh no .
D :  Yep .
C :  Okay .
A :  Twelve Euro fifty . Um and did you try to make a new design , or what were you trying to do ?
B :  Yeah , I tried to copy that one , but it didn't work .
A :  It didn't work .
B :  So we could fix it like tha that it's like this .
A :  Hmm . Strange .
B :  You could select it all , but then you can't erase .
C :  Strange .
A :  Oh , you can arrange
C :  You can only re erase ? Oh .
B :  Erase . When you saw th li uh Earlier when we selected it , w I couldn't erase anything .
C :  Uh , no .
A :  Hmm , can't you then just say copy ?
C :  Bling .
A :  New page .
A :  Paste . Yes .
C :  Ah .
A :  Select none .
D :  just tap somewhere .
B :  Just tap somewhere .
C :  just up somewhere b uh besides it , right .
A :  Okay , and now you can erase .
B :  Yeah .
B :  I don't think I can , but uh we can try .
C :  Uh , we already try .
A :  Well it should be possible .
B :  Oh , yeah , no , ha-ha .
A :  Oh no .
A :  Well you can draw over it with white uh pen . Oh .
D :  No ?
B :  Yeah , we tried it earlier . It's very much work .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Sorry . Well but that's also useful for the evaluation , because I think uh we have a prototype now which we can afford and uh we only need to draw a little bit to get a good uh
D :  Evaluation drops .
A :  design . Doodle . And I think we should then move on to the production evaluation because of the time .
D :  And erase the mic .
B :  Yeah , goodbye mic .
C :  All I need is no mic .
A :  Let's see , we can save this now .
B :  Oh , I already erased half of the line .
C :  Bon chance
A :  And move back to here .
B :  Too bad , oh .
B :  Like this ?
A :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Still looks nice .
A :  And then all green . Okay , well thank you .
B :  Oh , that's erase .
D :  Looks like a iPod .
A :  Oh , no .
C :  No , add
A :  Hey , but you can erase that .
B :  Yeah , that's a bit weird . Oh , now I'm line .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Uh-oh .
C :  S Difference between lines and text and the pen .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Right .
D :  Oh . All I need is mic .
A :  And you can't erase this ? Hmm , strange . Okay , well uh just leave it at this and quickly save . Um and then we are going to the project or product evaluation . We just did our project evaluation . Um well , I think I can sit for that since it's almost my final slide . Um
B :  No , it's weird .
D :  Station page .
C :  Huh , looks fucking boring now .
A :  what did you think about uh the process ? How satisfied are we ?
C :  Deadlines were sometimes very short .
B :  Yeah . Bu but stressful . You think , no , my presentation isn't ready .
A :  Mm-hmm .
C :  But And stressful .
A :  Yeah .
D :  I think we it should be b it would be better if we worked a little bit together . Now we worked through each other , something he said yeah , and you had information I also had , so some some things I had in my presentation , they already told , so
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
A :  And you could ask things .
B :  Yeah , you had information I didn't have and then uh
B :  Oh right .
C :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
A :  And for me it sometimes was a surprise who was going to present what , huh ? And uh
B :  Yeah .
D :  So yeah , that I don't think that is the best way to work at for such project .
A :  Yeah .
B :  No .
A :  So you would say uh communicate during our individual uh work .
D :  Yeah , no , or maybe session of five minutes together or something , and then work separate .
C :  Yeah , but but why not work here together , for example ? Why should we be separated from each other in those difference uh different rooms ?
A :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , you could
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Well , probably to simulate the whole working uh process , huh , th you can't have a meeting uh for several weeks .
B :  I think so too .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , but then you can work together too when
D :  Yeah m yeah , like she told . Then you can work together too by mail or by , I dunno , chat , something , but now we're completely separated from each other . I don't think that was the best way , but
C :  Huh , oh right .
A :  No .
B :  A chat would also be uh
C :  But the technology was uh fantastic .
D :  Yeah , the technology's okay .
B :  Well , I I don't really like the board , it doesn't really work great . Sometimes I think .
C :  Work now ?
D :  Yeah okay , but I don I do I think becau that's because
C :  Perhaps it is e
B :  It does work , but sometimes it doesn't erase or it doesn't uh
C :  Yeah , perhaps it is easier to get one of those uh dig digital pens or so and to uh and lay it next to that keyboard over there . So you can draw uh see it over th on the screen . Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , like the f like a plotters or something , yeah . Yep yep yep yep yep .
B :  Yeah .
A :  So you don't think the SMARTboard is is really useful or
B :  But
C :  It's useful , but not m
B :  Well it is useful , but it doesn't really work all the time . Th the pen doesn't
D :  Yeah , it is useful , but
D :  No .
C :  Because when you put this pen on the screen uh uh for exam and line is d being drawn at at two or three centimetres uh below .
B :  The line is a bit off .
A :  Yeah , so it's maybe a bit unnatural also .
D :  Yep .
C :  Alright .
B :  Yeah , you can point to where you want the line to be .
B :  But
C :  The project uh because of the deadlines you didn't had the time to uh have , you didn't have time to uh to make a very uh
C :  qualitati qualitative uh presentation .
B :  Yeah .
C :  So you used uh this
C :  uh the different PowerPoint presentations uh in which you put your uh material in the
C :  Oh .
A :  That wasn't me . Uh so um the means , we discussed the smart board , and what about uh this digital pen ?
C :  Wasn't me .
B :  Yeah .
B :  I
D :  I didn't use it at all .
B :  I I used it , it it was you can use it , it's quite handy I think .
A :  Yeah , well I use it as a a normal pen and and and only you use it to uh get it on the computer , huh ?
C :  But I didn't I uh
B :  Yeah , I used it to y to Yeah , it did work pretty well .
C :  I used it too , but oh well .
D :  I didn't use .
C :  Yeah .
B :  I don't think why you would want to use it actually , but it it does work .
C :  Yeah , because it shou
D :  No yeah .
A :  Yeah .
C :  To make some designs , it is very easy .
D :  It is it is yeah , it is easy for to design something and then load it in your computer .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , and then you can show it to everybody .
D :  Yeah .
C :  But to write it th yeah .
D :  Yeah . It's b bi little bit too big to write .
B :  It doesn't really write normally . It's a bit
C :  Yeah , it's too big , it's too fat .
D :  Yeah . Fat document , those .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Okay , um
A :  and what about the teamwork ?
D :  Team work was okay .
B :  I think it was great , yeah .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , well I think so too . we
D :  Only thing that we worked through , past each other . With some things that was only problem , but
C :  Right .
A :  Yeah , but that was it was our assignment , huh ?
B :  Yeah , but it was because we didn't uh Yeah .
D :  Yeah yeah yeah , but furthermore better .
A :  Okay , and maybe I should walk out of the room when you discuss uh this point , the leadership .
D :  That's yeah , no prob . Ah .
B :  I thought it was good , but uh Yeah . Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah well , okay .
C :  Not too much , not too too too too .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Okay .
A :  And creativity ? Well , when we look at this I'd say we have been creative , huh ? But
B :  Well .
C :  Yeah , or the room for it was the idea to be creative , so
A :  There was room for
B :  Yeah .
C :  You got some standard ideas in your head and this what came out .
D :  Mm-hmm .
B :  And you get get stuff from the from the computer , but
C :  Yeah .
C :  The information uh was sometimes uh a little bit too late or
D :  Little bit uh lo yeah . Too late it it it took a lot of time before you got your ema yeah .
B :  Yeah .
B :  You just sit there for ten minutes . Yeah , where is that email ?
C :  Yeah .
D :  I played I think seven times Solitaire something .
A :  You did ? Well , I didn't have time for that .
B :  Oh did you ? Is it on there ? Is it on there ? I didn't find the didn't look but uh I didn't look , but
A :  At some times I Sometimes I received like like five emails at at one moment , and then
D :  Oh right , it is there .
C :  Was searching and searching .
D :  No , I I never got that . I always
B :  I got like one email after ten minutes or something .
D :  N yeah .
A :  I even got spam . Or something like that .
B :  That's what we said .
D :  So does this I think lik oh and information was a bit low I think , sometimes , in in in in the beginning I didn't understand what what to do .
B :  And it not a lot uh
B :  No , the first one . I didn't know uh
C :  No , w I didn't know
D :  Yeah , like I with with the remote and I never new we have t we had to uh yeah made a made a rec a remote control .
C :  Make a r yeah .
B :  nee .
B :  And I didn't know what to do for the first ten minutes before we got here , so I went , right . Yeah . Just looking at the screen and uh
D :  Yeah , so
C :  Yeah .
C :  No stepping on the table and then looking at the internet page .
A :  And I was working and working and work Okay , well um but after all we can say uh we are satisfied , but it it could've been uh better . When we get uh when we have we would have gotten uh more information .
C :  No .
D :  So , yeah .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Mm-hmm . Faster .
B :  Yeah , an
C :  Yeah , more information about the costs .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , that will be handy .
C :  First of all I didn't think uh that we were able to make an L_C_D_ screen uh first point , but uh it was possible uh uh , yeah .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , it only costs four units . Uh yeah .
B :  Yea uh so tha actually you could make an L_C_D_ screen but no mic , or it could make mic but no L_C_D_ screen , when you look at that . Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , that was a bit mean to put it in the end . And uh what were the other points to to improve this whole process ?
C :  Yeah .
B :  Uh , I dunno .
D :  Um
D :  Yeah . Nothing .
B :  Think that's about it .
B :  Hmm . Heavier um less heavy laptops . Yeah .
D :  I think we got it already .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Uh . Faster laptop .
A :  Yeah , they're pretty heavy .
C :  Uh . They were they were just fine .
B :  But that's not really uh
D :  And furthermore the the the network was okay . Everything you loaded was also
B :  Yeah .
C :  Uh .
B :  Yeah , everything worked .
D :  av available there .
C :  Right .
A :  And so more time uh w might have improved the the quality of work , is what you say . Okay .
D :  So
C :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah . Yeah , but that
D :  It's now half past four half past three , so
B :  Yeah , but it's just the the off hours between that you will work alone .
D :  Yeah , okay . Yeah , okay .
B :  Then it pops up pop up screen came . Five minutes in the meeting . No .
D :  Mm-hm . Mm .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Mm .
A :  Okay , so more time during the individual work phases . Um okay well uh I just got my warning for the last five minutes , so I'll move on to I guess my last slide , yes , which is the closing . Well uh , we managed , but we did it very quickly . I don't know if that's the best way to when it isn't is it when it is too expensive to quickly re-arrange it and say , okay , this is it , but we had to do it , huh , because we have to have a design , and that is within the budget . And we evaluated . Maybe we should re-evaluate uh the product , but we did that before , and we also evaluated the project . And I think uh everybody's uh very happy . At least I am , with the results , so uh celebration , well , for the three of you , because uh I have to write the final report now . But uh well , thank you very much for your co-operation , and I had a very nice day so far . Okay .
B :  Huh .
B :  You did ? Well
B :  Oh , right . Well
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Champagne .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , sure .
D :  No prob .
C :  Oh thank you .
D :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Do we get another email ?
C :  Bling . You're fired .
A :  Um
D :  I think you do .
B :  I I think we have to fill in a questionnaire again , but
A :  Yeah I have t I think we also have to go to our own rooms again , but um well I at least . But maybe you can try uh to make a screen shot of this , so I can try to include it in the final report .
B :  We do ?
C :  Mm .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Uh th that that one ?
C :  You cannot you can save it .
A :  Yeah , maybe . wants to , but at least this one . I know , we should remove this , but it won't h
B :  You can just Yeah , but it's it isn't a picture or , well , is it ?
C :  You s uh file save as the J_ PEG J_ PEG .
A :  Okay . And uh please put it in the project folder then , huh .
D :  Can you find it as a J_ PEG ?
B :  No , isn't possible . But you can make a screen shot , I think .
C :  No .
A :  Okay , well I uh
D :  No .
C :  No .
A :  I hereby officially close the meeting and uh I hope to see you uh soon .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Okay .
D :  In uh
C :  In about five minutes .
B :  Uh oh , export .
A :  Well , I think we'll be a bit a bit longer , but okay . Well , happy celebration , huh ?
C :  Ah .
C :  Oh thank you . Whoo-hoo . Let's let's have party . Let's have some fun . Huh ?
B :  Images .
D :  Celebra Or shouldn't I ?
B :  How big do you want the images ?
A :  How big ? Uh
B :  Yeah .
A :  not too big . Whatever you think is good .
B :  This one ?
D :  Six hundred . No , I yeah .
C :  No that uh is one thousand twenty four .
D :  I think eight hundred six hundred is better .
B :  This one ?
D :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
C :  If it browse .
D :  Nah , name .
B :  Um
C :  Desktop .
B :  Well it isn't on the desktop .
D :  Hey .
C :  Mm ?
C :  I do not know .
B :  You can only save it in my documents .
C :  Oh ?
D :  Oh my God .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Oh .
B :  Oh , alright .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Okay .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Three .
D :  Ten .
B :  Can we stay here ?
D :  Yeah .
D :  Ten .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Uh .
B :  Yeah , alright .
C :  Okay .
B :  Why can't we stay here ?
D : 
C :  Alright .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Celebration time , come on .
C :  Oh .
C : 
C :  Oh .
D :  Peace out nigger .
