A :  Hey look , these are microphones they uh they're for women's shirts .
C :  No no it's the opposite .
A :  Um okay , so um let's start .
A :  Um thanks for coming again to this meeting . I hope it won't be too long and especially that we'll make some progress on uh this uh on this small task that is putting people in our new rooms . Uh I hope you had fun in uh , well , designing something or uh asking the people about their preferences and uh things like this . So yeah , that's what I was talking about , it's for women's shirts . Um so um well , I think you remember all the constraints and the new settings , I think , you'll be more and more used to it as as soon as we move . So we have these one person , two person and three person rooms . Um and so that makes , I think , eighteen places . And we had about fifteen people and some uh spare uh spare mm well , working places to to put um may I first uh provide the answers to the the questions from the last time ?
C :  And I also checked with uh Maggie and Pierrette .
A :  Oh , great , yeah . So that will be part of the your uh your solution or suggestions to solution . But regarding the constraints um there is no immediate plan to to make separations between the rooms so that means basically well , we have to do with this setting and uh it's it's quite difficult to make new doors and new walls , so I think we shouldn't count on them in the next uh four years maybe . And they don't want us to sh I mean they don't want to provide an extra working space for Gisella with the other I_T_ admins , which we could understand , because it's sort of full over there , but uh at least that's what they said .
C :  Great .
C :  Come now , it's not full over there .
A :  So it seems we uh yeah the well , we cannot change the habits of the whole school just for us . Though it wouldn't be a bad thing maybe , but uh we'll see . So regarding the possibility to put four people in one of the two uh three person rooms , um well , it's not very easy , we'll have to play uh quite uh quite wisely with the furnishing . It it looks like it's not impossible , at least on the one that is a bit uh longer , on on the right . So uh the one uh here . It should be possible to put four persons . If we could avoid it , it would much simplify things , but uh , well , we'll see .
D :  The the question is is it is it against the regulation security regulation of the school . That's that's the important point .
A :  No . No no no .
C :  No uh no . And and I and I went over and I looked at that room , too . There's plenty of space for four people .
D :  Okay .
A :  Yeah , I think , yeah . It it's more a matter of how to arrange the furniture , but uh since we are experts at this task uh okay , so maybe we could count on on four places , but the final decision is not really ours , so uh we'll see actually this
C :  Yeah .
B :  That would be fine if one of the person is fifty per cent . So me , for example .
A :  Exactly . Or one of the intern positions , the people who might come or something like that . Um okay so these were the um the answers . So actually I I did my uh my proposal as a slide . Would you like me to start or would you like me to end ? It's uh
C :  Ah .
C :  Exactly . Yeah .
C :  Mm . Well just t just to uh uh complete uh , I talked both with Maggie and Pierrette and both of them are happy to share offices . They have no problem whatsoever .
B :  Please .
A :  Oh , great .
D :  .
C :  Uh they're they're easy , but uh could be uh as Pierrette has right now , that she cou she is happy to continue to share with uh Marianne , uh and and Maggie , for example , to share with uh it could be with Bruno , because they work on the SwissTra together and they like to gossip together , so .
D :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Okay , okay .
A :  Beautiful . Okay , then let me um explain very briefly the the rationale for for this . So it's the same uh schema that you know . In red you have the uh uh oh , excuse me , that's quite uh annoying , excuse me . Um hello .
D :  Yes . That looks good .
A :  Oh , yeah , um , can I can I call you a bit later in about half an hour . I'm just in the middle of a meeting and I'm talking .
D :  People sh yeah that's
C :  People who don't turn off their phone in a meeting . It's fantastic .
A :  Oh okay , thank you . Bye-bye . Um , sorry for this . Fortunately we were just uh the four of us . Um . Okay , so , let me get back to into the proposal after the brief interruption . Um so the names are in red . Now um well , one of the reasons at least for me for doing this was to more or less group people uh with within projects , because I I think that sometimes they ju they just discuss together and uh it's easier if they are in the same office .
D :  .
D :  Let me check that I I di I didn't . S
A :  And um which is quite happy actually , I I also thought that some professors might enjoy , or at least uh don't don't say anything about , being with their assistants . So I was happy to hear Susan uh saying that Maggie and Bruno could well together , and Pierrette and uh Marianne in in the same office .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Um so what I can say is uh that I also understood that Susan would be rather in favour of uh , well , having her own office , so uh it's it's it's working like this . I put the lounge in the middle . It's also one of the rooms with the fewer uh the fewest uh windows . So I think that's not a problem , because you're not going to just stay there and stare outside . Uh but it's it's nicer to have a nicer view from your office , I guess . I don't know . Yeah , maybe , I thought in an angle , but that's obviously not very
C :  Yes .
D :  Yeah , but putting the printer in the lounge is just killing the lounge .
D :  It's not a question where it is , it's a question of you are printing all the time so
C :  No yeah .
C :  Yeah , why not put the printer out in the hallway ?
D :  uh
A :  Yeah . Okay and so next to the photocopy maybe it wouldn't be a bad place . Here ? Okay .
D :  Yeah , that's that's a possible .
D :  Yeah . Why not ?
C :  It is there enough space there for a photocopy and printer .
A :  Yeah , we'll have to check tha yeah , but the printer is quite small if we fi find just a small table for it . maybe one day we'll have a photocopy that is also a printer . So okay , but uh I wouldn't well insist on this I think okay , so the printer , well , we'll remove it if we work from this uh this solution . So uh I_M_two is more or less in the upper left side . Um I said more or less um uh upper uh lower left side uh you have SwissTra and , so the two projects from the list . And then on the on the right side .
C :  The photocopy is a bit big .
A :  Maybe not a ver a very good solution for Gisella . If you can suggest something uh better , because she's with two people who uh well , two P_H_D_ students , and it's true that she has , yeah , a lot of phone calls to make , but um it's some way to to solve some constraints . I think this is a very open thing . Uh if you want we can use this document or we could just , say , first listen to your suggestions and see if we erase everything or just do some modifications using this one .
C :  Well , I've a question . What's the justification for giving Nancy her own office ?
A :  Um yeah , maybe not a very strong one . Then they maybe you are you have better suggestions . Um it was I think sort of one of the uh places they re that remain and I I think , yeah , there is no strong constraint and uh well , she's a smoker , but the policy is that we don't smoke , so it's even better if she's uh with a second person .
D :  uh I would have I would have a provocative suggestion to put Gisella to switch Nancy and Gisella .
C :  Mm doesn't help , yeah .
A :  Uh-huh . Okay .
D :  Put Gisella , the fax , and the printing machine the printer in the one person room as a as a
C :  Well , Gisella will not be very happy about that uh . We tried that and Gisella really didn't like to have a printer and people in and out all the time and uh
A :  Uh-huh .
D :  Okay , so the printer that's that's not the s not the hard constraint but uh
A :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Uh remember Andrei , that was uh yeah yeah .
A :  Yeah mm . Yeah , that was the case and uh she was a bit uh reluctant , but
D :  'Cause I really do think it's important to have
D :  an admin room clearly identified as an admin room and only an admin room , where you have files , where yeah , you can close it , you have the personal files of the of the people of the of the of the unit etcetera , etcetera .
A :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Yeah , we could store files there and things like that . Mm-hmm .
A :  Okay , so if you want I can already do this change here .
D :  So for instance I be fully against the fact that my personal files are in f in a in a room that is not specifically dedicated for that .
B :  Because the professors uh , you have personal printer or there is only one printer ?
A :  Sorry you're
A :  Um .
B :  Because if not the person the printer can go in a room of three people .
B :  That's typical of case where there's the lab and there's the printer is there .
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  printer can be in the in the in the corridor . That's uh that's uh that's perfectly alright .
A :  Yeah , th yeah th when the printer is , yeah , it's it's the main one . We have a secondary one which we could try to accommodate in another room , but it's basically , yeah , the peop the the printer where everybody prints . Um so I change this .
A :  So maybe I would suggest let me le k can I hear also let us hear from you . And then if we can work out a solu a common solution from this one , then we go back to to this slide . And if not , um we'll just , well start from scratch . Um .
D :  I'm perfectly alright to share the room with you has a view on the old town . That's um
A :  Mm-hmm . Okay .
D :  You have to be aware of what I was saying last time was that you have to suffer some suffer from fro from phone calls .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Lot's of phone calls . Yeah .
A :  Yeah , I'll try . I'll bring my walkman and uh
D :  So if you have a walkman that's that's good .
C :  Earplugs uh whatever .
A :  Yeah . Uh David , you had also uh what's
B :  Yeah , okay , for me uh , as uh I don't know l uh the people a lot , uh you suggested that uh there's a la a lack of men s so , I would re certainly put uh not two men in the same office . I would try to share them with the women so uh for example in your slide I could uh switch either you or Martin with uh uh the other room . This one .
A :  Ah .
A :  Uh-huh . Oh let me put the plan , sorry . I will display uh yeah , this is the empty one . I don't want to influence you . So so you would put uh
B :  So .
B :  Yes please .
C :  So , yeah , you have to show us which one you were talking about David , we didn't
A :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah yeah , I was wanting to change this wa
A :  Yeah .
C :  Ah the centre room .
A :  Mm-hmm . you can you can even stand and just show us there .
B :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Yeah , but I need your uh your slide , because I was talking about your slide .
A :  Okay , so we would prefer the names . Okay I I don't want to influence you too much , but uh mm I'm perfectly happy to start with this as the basis and then change things .
D :  Yeah , because there are plenty of things that are that are okay so uh
B :  Yes , so here you can see that the the the men is I mean , they are always sh sharing the room with a g with a woman . I mean , there's Bruno , me , uh Pierrette and Nikos is a guy also .
A :  Yeah , maybe in different , just
A :  Uh-huh . Oh
D :  Yeah but for Pierrette an and Maggie it's uh it's .
D :  It's a wish or it's uh it's because they
A :  Mm-hmm . Or actually , Pierrette is a woman too . Yeah , it's the feminine of Pierre .
B :  Oh . Sorry for this .
B :  Mm-hmm . So I mean , this is perfectly fine , I will just send Martin and Andrei for Maria or or Yalina or Nancy , maybe .
B :  So
D :  I didn't get your solution . What was it again ?
B :  Yeah , here there are two men . So I mea yeah . I it's nice . I don't think I mean there's a lack of men here , in in in this in this lab . So I would change one , switch one .
D :  So ?
C :  Uh he wants to mix sexes .
A :  Uh-huh .
D :  Ah , okay .
A :  bad .
A :  Yeah .
D :  But that's not so much a question of uh men or women , it's more the question of , as I said , that's uh
D :  Um here you have only P_ you have P_H_D_ students that are a group . There you have s senior researchers that are a group , which is to me more
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Unless it corresponds to some specific demand like it is in the case in Maggie Maggie's case and Pierrette's case . I think that's a very efficient way of doing things , because
A :  Yeah .
A :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Yeah , and for me it's also uh I would prefer maybe not to be in a three person office , just to be a bit calmer , and , Martin , so I'm very happy with you since I proposed it . But I could also be happy with most of the other people , so even in a three person room . It's it's fine . Okay , so let's keep in mind , maybe , this uh constraint of balancing the the genders uh we'll see if we can uh do something for it .
D :  Yeah , mm I'm perfectly happy with with Andrei so .
B :  .
D :  Sure but um
C :  Andrei did you ask these people if this was okay with them ?
A :  Uh I've asked some of them , and I've also used a little bit uh what I've well , I mean the the present arrangement , just not to to shock people too much . And it's also people that I know um get on well quite quite well together , and also work on the same project , like for instance , Marianne , uh uh the Finnish Marianne , and uh Nikos who interact quite a lot on uh on . Um , yeah , Maria and Yalina seem uh to go on one quite quite well .
A :  Uh Nancy had no strong preference , specially since she's no longer allowed to smoke in in her office . Um yeah , so I think , well , at least as far as I I asked there was no major objection .
D :  But isn't there just a a a question of proximity you put David with Agnes ?
D :  Um but isn't Agnes working
D :  um in a in a more substantial way in uh with people like uh either Maria or Yalina ?
A :  Um .
A :  Yeah , that's true . That's true . I um so we could put Nancy with David and uh put Agnes yeah .
C :  Yes .
D :  'Cause
C :  Yeah , but Agnes is also working with David , so
B :  but we agree that it's not important to to share the room with someone that has the same project .
D :  Yeah , yeah , I I know .
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  No , that's true that's true . the other constraints are are satisfied somehow so
A :  Mm-hmm .
B :  quite happy to have the the full room some fifty per cent of the time .
A :  Yeah , that's a small advantage and uh I it's a bit more uh more comfortable , actually . Um .
D :  .
C :  Yeah , but there's
D :  No but what I mean it was was the three the two three person rooms , I think that they can mix them the way they want . I mean if they prefer to be uh Maria tha uh Yalina and Nikos , and Nancy and Marianne on the other side well , no that's not completely equivalent , because Nancy all are P_H_D_ students or masters students , but Nancy . Correct ?
A :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Yeah , but that doesn't mat that's not important .
D :  Oh .
C :  There w one question I was wondering about though , 'cause three is always uh well the more people in a office uh the less ideal , that wouldn't it maybe be better to put David in , since he's only half-time . So that way , then
A :  Yeah , maybe .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah . Very good . Mm-hmm .
D :  Yeah .
C :  there's not three people all the time .
D :  Yeah . So I would switch David and Nancy typically .
A :  Mm-hmm . Yeah , probably
D :  Which doesn't mean that David should be in this room . He could be in the other one . For me uh the two three people rooms are really they have to be uh re-shuffled according to people personal preferences . But I definitely would put uh Nancy with Agnes in the two person room .
A :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
A :  So Agnes has worked
A :  Mm-hmm . They they have worked together on , so this makes some sense . Um at yeah , I mean
D :  Yeah .
D :  But again , it's also a question of personal preference . I mean you you can't be in a room with person you don't want to be with .
A :  Yeah , as far as I know I think it's probably quite a good uh uh good match .
B :  Is there anyone that is going to finish P_H_D_ or or leave or
C :  Uh no . Uh Maria is Maria is the closest , but she's still not uh uh yeah .
A :  First one should be Maria , but it's still uh one and a half . Okay , let's switch uh
B :  .
D :  I see if you do it this way , you mean that in the two three people room there will be one that is not so overloaded , because of David , because David will be part time and the other one not so overloaded , because there is uh one free position uh , knowing that this one free position uh will not stay free very long .
A :  Mm-hmm , yeah .
C :  No , because don't forget we already have somebody coming in uh January .
D :  Yes so
A :  Mm-hmm .
C :  At least one person .
A :  I'll just uh
D :  And this is still a worry for me , because we are still we don't still still don't have enough space for the visitors .
D :  Unless we put them in the lounge .
A :  Yeah . Mm yeah , I I don't think
C :  Yeah . Or we make four space in the three people rooom .
D :  Therefore I w
D :  Yeah . Yeah .
A :  Yeah , so s s okay so since we are supposed to do a final proposal . Sorry , uh let me move the printer um next to the photocopier .
D :  We need to have at least three visitors' position , because positions , because
D :  Outside .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Okay . And we'll find some way to um , well , attach it to a wall or something like this .
D :  So that we keep it , you mean .
A :  Yeah , I think so , yeah . Um okay , so that's the uh mm-hmm . Uh I don't think we can put visitors in the lounge , it's uh
D :  It depends it depends on how we think about the lounge . If it's thought as being a reading room . No . If it's thought as the que that that's really a very important question to me . Do we do we put priority on the fact of being able to read newspapers in our in our offices or in our uh work place ? We can read newspapers elsewhere .
A :  Yeah . Yeah .
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  And I really do think it's more important for lab to be able to decently uh welcome visitors that come to the lab than to have a place for reading newspapers . Newspapers you can read them home . know we can go to the cafeteria or you can sit somewhere else . You can go on the balcony if it's if it's in the summer . So I I don't understand why we why we should put priority on lounges if we if we don't have enough space for accommodating visitors . That's just not not according to my priorities .
A :  Yeah .
A :  It's
A :  Mm-hmm .
A :  how would it be to put the lounge in one of the smaller offices ? Like in , well , in in one of the one person offices ? W I I know they are actually quite uh quite demanded , so um I th I think , Susan , you are very happy with this solution , so okay . In Gisell
C :  Yes , yes .
D :  S so let's let's put the lounge in Susan's office , and Susan's in Susan in the lounge with three visitors mm ?
C :  That's an excellent idea .
B :  No , but a lounge in a one person room is really too small .
A :  Yeah , it's probably too small . Okay , yeah , doesn't work . Mm .
C :  It's too small for a uh yeah .
D :  I would advocate to just remove the lounge . We it's a luxury for us . We don't have space for a lounge . It's let's be you you cannot you cannot go at the at the at the at the in front of your colleagues and saying , I p if I have to choose between uh reading my newspaper and disc and having a a decently welcomed uh v uh research visitor , I prefer to read my newspaper . That's just not that's just not realistic . I mean , we are researchers .
A :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Okay , let's be innovative . Um .
A :  Mm-hmm . But the problem is it it has been decided by everyone and approved by the school that we we need the lounge , so I I think it's simply not
B :  No no , I don't think we can choose .
A :  No actually , uh I I'm sorry , it's uh yeah . Mm-hmm .
D :  But then ?
D :  Then you have the three people room , that positions , split it in two parts as as Susan was was uh proposing last time was a ha was a wall and you have a lounge there can read your newspapers and we have a full two room two person room where we can certainly accommodate three visitors . And at least we have some uh free margin for the next two years , or the next year .
A :  Oh . Okay so so how do we split the room ?
D :  The the three people over there .
C :  We put it the the furniture that we got for our reading room , we put it into the other half of the three person room .
A :  This one . Uh-huh .
D :  Yeah . And put uh uh mm
A :  Mm-hmm . So
C :  Would that fit ?
C :  A little divider of some kind .
A :  Yeah . But what about if people want to have a small discussion in the lounge ?
D :  They are not supposed to have a discussion in the lounge , they are supposed to read their newspapers .
D :  And to drink their coffee .
A :  Well , not the newspapers , because no scientific articles .
C :  Well not just newspapers .
D :  Uh scientific articles . No that's not that wasn't the goal . The the goal of the lounge was was a place where you can relax .
A :  Journals .
A :  Uh-huh . Yeah .
C :  But also to read articles .
D :  you can do it in your office .
A :  So you would like to put it , yeah , within yeah , and then who who yeah .
D :  it's it's it's you have a good chairs to read newspapers that you don't want to break you heart your your your your back your office .
A :  Yeah . Yeah okay , but then that means that we'll put the lounge on the right side , uh here . And uh here we'll put two places for visitors . Three . But that means the office will be at least for the moment empty . That looks very bad .
D :  Yes .
C :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Yes .
D :  Three .
D :  No , we have our visitor that is arriving . Uh what did you say , Susan ?
C :  It's not a visitor . It's a a new p p full-time person arriving in January .
D :  uh okay .
A :  Okay , so that could take the the free place over there . Uh I mean
C :  No , that's where we're gonna put the lounge .
D :  No no . That could take one one positions in the in the lo in the
B :  No .
B :  Let's put m Maria or Yalina in the in the in this place .
A :  Yeah , I think okay , so we need what , two , three positions and one new person arriving , X_ or something like that .
D :  Ah okay , that that's an idea . if if if if you forget about the lounge . What you could do is to move either Mari Maria or Yalina in the in the mm what is currently the lounge . That means that we have one person there with one free position .
C :  Well for
A :  Okay .
A :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  We have one free position in the in the room that Maria or Yalina is coming from and one free position over there . So we have three position distributed over the rooms where we can accommodate
A :  Mm-hmm .
A :  And and where is the lounge ?
D :  No lounge .
B :  No lounge .
C :  No no no no , we we have to
A :  No okay , no way . I'll I'll have my head cut off if we don't have a lounge . So uh
D :  Louge .
D :  You take the furniture of the lounge and you put it in the corridor .
C :  Yeah yeah yeah .
C :  No , there's no space . The lounge is in the free space .
A :  No no no no , let's do the lounge corner . Okay . At least . I mean otherwise I cannot really defend it , because it it was agreed and we cannot just come back on every every decision we made .
C :  After all that we went through to get the budget for it , we really have to uh
A :  Yeah , I think so , yeah .
D :  you you will explain to your visitors that unfortunately they have a position in the toilet , because there is a reading room where people have to relax .
A :  Okay .
C :  No , wait a minute , yeah .
A :  Well , let's have the visitors first . Okay , so what we need is a new and two . So
A :  I think we can put , what , Maria or Yalina ? I don't want to separate them really , but uh
A :  Oh . Mysel , I don't like that office actually . Um so I was thinking to put here
D :  It could be Nikos , for instance . Could put you can switch .
C :  No , we are not gonna keep Marianne in a three uh person place uh , just having Marianne in the lounge . Yeah .
D :  But it's a lounge .
A :  Yeah , now . so it's either
A :  Y we could put the visitor with you , Martin , but it's probably okay , let's try le let's try this . Uh let's try Maria here . Oh , you don't mind ?
D :  Yeah but then
D :  Yeah you could you could put me there . I mean , Andrei .
D :  Because I will be there half time , and the visitors probably will not so much complain about phone calls .
A :  Perfect .
C :  But wait a minute , then Andrei has a two person office all for himself .
A :  No no , we'll put a visitor place in there .
A :  If you don't mind .
D :  Well there is this full-time person arriving in I I think it's really important to to plan with that .
C :  Yeah .
C :  Wha what's what's her name again , Andrei ?
A :  Uh I think it's Paola .
C :  Paola .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Um .
D :  would it be possible to have Paola in your office ?
A :  Yeah , could be .
D :  'Cause that's that's something that we we should be deciding . Either you want to keep me in your office , which is alright , and then we have to forsee a place for Paola somewhere . I I think that's that's not realistic to have a planning
A :  If
A :  Yeah . Mm-hmm .
A :  No , I I would prefer you , I think .
A :  Okay , let me keep you .
C :  Okay . Martin goes back to Andrei .
A :  Okay , we'll put Paola and a visitor here .
D :  Why didn
A :  So Paola is the new person .
D :  Yeah .
A :  And a visitor , uh vis . Is that vis one ? And then we'll we'll still have probably some way to put a second visitor here . Vis two .
D :  That's visitor one .
A :  Oops .
A :  Sorry , it's not very nice , but
D :  Mm .
A :  Does this display better ?
C :  Um Paola well , Paola being new , I I think it would be better to put her with somebody else .
A :  I think it's not bad .
A :  Yeah , don't put her alone . Uh-huh .
D :  somebody else .
B :  Well , the the lounge can not be in here t with two people . I mean , you cannot go there and discuss and and two people working there in the room .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Not supposed to discuss , you are supposed to relax .
A :  Yeah . No , but we said that we won't discuss or maybe if we organise some kind of , you know , coffee at the end of the day , or a drink , then the two people will stop working . I don't know , maybe they won't be happy . Okay then , Martin let let me put you in that office and I'll put Paola with me . No ?
B :  Sure not me .
C :  No no put why not Maria or Yalina ?
A :  So Martin goes where ?
C :  Martin stays . Maria's .
D :  Because you don't want to separate Ma Maria and Yalina ? Why ?
A :  Yeah .
A :  Okay .
D :  'Cause Yalina , i it's not even sure she stays . It's a master student so uh
A :  Yeah , okay .
A :  Yeah , that's true . Okay , so let's put Maria in the separate office .
D :  Yeah .
D :  And we have , yeah , and we have two visitors and a masters student and a p and a part-time person .
A :  And we have Paola .
D :  I was thinking the other way around .
A :  Oh sorry , what were you thinking ?
D :  To keep Paola with Maria in the two people room and to have this one with two , Yalina and David in the three people room .
A :  So who is with Maria here ? Okay .
D :  Paola .
A :  Yeah . And no visitor ?
D :  No , that's a two people room , so
A :  Yeah , but that means that this room , the middle one , would be quite empty . All the I mean , two visitors and the fifty per cent pers person , I don't think it's very uh reasonable .
D :  Yep .
D :  No , Yalina is there , David is there
D :  but you need to have to put visitors somewhere , I mean uh
C :  Well , we have
C :  Uh yeah .
A :  Yeah , but let's split them a little bit , so that when there are no visitors , at least people are
D :  Ah .
C :  No , the rooms have to look like they're sort of occupied uh . Oterwise , we might uh lose room or two .
A :  Yeah , I think so .
D :  Oh .
D :  Okay .
A :  So this goes here goes visitor two . Paola is there . Here goes visitor one . And is this better ?
B :  That's true .
C :  This is always the game .
A :  Except that we cannot read it , but
A :  apart from this
D :  Well
D :  It's a little bit crowded in .
D :  'Cause you have well , not yet , of course , because Paola is not has not arrived , but uh starting from January , you will have two full-time person plus one part-time person plus one visitor that's
A :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Yeah , okay . Let me call this visitor one , which implies that uh it will be the first one occupied by a visitor when they come . And this visitor two which means it's like a , well , you know , second uh second chance .
D :  'Kay .
D :  Okay .
D :  But why couldn't we basically
D :  Move you , David , in this two people room with Maria ?
A :  Or we could . What would this change ?
D :  Maria plus one half pa uh half-time person ?
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  And you have Paola , Yalina , one visitor position , and I still keep hope that uh Marianne , Nikos that the lounge will on the , on on the on the long term disappear , because anyhow I don't believe there can be a lounge where in a place where there are already two people working . So the lounge will just die after some point and it uh it
C :  No , but but look , Martin , it's quite a long room , it has two doors
D :  Still , I mean , .
D :  Ah okay , ah it has two doors . Yeah , that's true .
A :  Oh yeah , very good .
A :  Yeah , so maybe in the long run we'll get a wall .
D :  Ah yeah , but then then yeah , okay okay . Okay , that's true . 'Kay then then there will be a wall . Okay .
A :  Uh-huh . Al although there are three windows , but um okay . So where would we move David to Maria Da with Maria . Do you have any preferences , David ? Um .
D :  Yeah , that's good .
B :  Uh it's completely fine .
D :  Uh she she wa she wants mixing peo uh men and women , so or she he . Yeah , right .
A :  Well , he already is mixed . So , yeah .
B :  Then uh the two visitors will be in one room , but doesn't that's fine , because maybe there are not two visitors at the same time . Uh we'll see .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , that's to me it's more realistic .
A :  Yeah , I wouldn't put the two visitors in the same room , because when there is no one it makes a big hole , and when there are two people , so it makes too many variations , but
D :  Yeah , but then then you can you can move for instance if you move David to uh with Maria .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Then
C :  Yeah , the occupancy is better that way .
D :  I think it's it's better . First it's better . I think it's uh , because it's more it's stabler .
C :  Because there is regular there is regular occupancy , yeah .
A :  You prefer that too , Susan ? Okay .
A :  Okay .
D :  'Cause visitors stay and go .
A :  Oops . Sorry . Uh what did we say here ? This one .
B :  one .
D :  Yeah , that's good .
A :  Yeah , my uh
D :  To me that's the best we can do .
D :  If you if we realistically can plan to have a lounge .
A :  Okay .
A :  Well , I think that was really decided and it's it's no we no , because , actually if we do a proposal without a lounge , and , you know , the other group will
D :  Okay okay okay .
C :  We won't be very credible .
D :  I go I got the message .
A :  Yeah , exactly , and that means that all the constraints that we said and uh all the other things just , we we well , just basically disappear .
D :  Yes , sir .
A :  Uh-huh , which means we've worked for nothing . Okay . Uh what's what's wrong with this ?
D :  So who has strong
A :  Okay .
D :  strong opposition to that ?
A :  Uh , I don't . Oh , you have to go , Susan ? Okay .
C :  I'll be right back .
D :  But do you have any no .
A :  Yeah , well , we are almost done , Susan , but uh we we'll we'll just check the the items . Yeah , please . Okay . No problem .
C :  I I just need to see somebody .
D :  But it's just a decision . No , you just have .
A :  Yeah , we we'll just review the items to see is we look at all the constraints and then you'll be able to say the final uh yes or no . Um .
D :  Okay .
D :  I think we we we accommodated most of the constraints . 'Cause uh we are sure that Maggie and Bruno uh Maggie is happy with having Bruno in her office and Pierrette is happy to have uh Marianne in her office . That's that that checked ? Okay .
A :  Yeah . Mm-hmm .
A :  Yeah , I think that's okay . Yeah , we checked . Uh .
D :  And , yes , and no reason to think that there should be uh uh uh uh an impossible situation ?
A :  I don't think so . No .
D :  Same thing for Marianne and Marianne F_ and Nikos ?
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Uh Paola we don't know yet , because she didn't arrived yet . And uh , well , Yalina Aha , that means for a for a short time Yalina will be just alone in the three person room .
A :  Yeah , that's a bit yeah , that was the point in letting David there and but okay , maybe we'll just leave it as an option . David or visitor one or two . It's uh
D :  That's a bit a problem .
D :  Ah but then then we what we could just for the sake of having a defendable solution , uh as long as Paola is not has not arrived , is to switch for the proposal Paola and David
A :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  But we we really plan that as soon as Paola is here or even earlier
A :  Yeah . Mm-hmm .
A :  Okay . So we'll know that uh that the region actually around here is probably movable . Yeah , either , yeah , we can switch Maria or Paola or David . Yeah .
D :  David will go to the to the two people room .
D :  It's just it will be switched .
D :  'Cause this this this this is dangerous to propose . I mean you have a three per three person room with one masters student in it . Okay ? So I wouldn't I wouldn't propose that .
A :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Yeah , no , exactly . Yeah , tha tha yeah , that's why I always try to put the to separate the visitors , just to balance a little bit . But okay , we'll uh , we'll be open on on that point .
D :  Okay .
D :  But as soon as Paola is here ,
D :  uh it starts to be better . And we will have visitors , for sure .
A :  Yeah , it will become
A :  Mm-hmm . Or it depends also on well , if Yalina stays longer or not , which is not yet very clear , but um
D :  Yeah , right right , that's true . Yeah .
D :  Oh yeah , that's a point , true . Ah do we have a do do we know do we know when when is she supposed to finish the her uh master thesis ? In June ?
A :  Okay , w we'll see . Anyway , we'll we'll be open .
A :  Mm I don't really know , I think her master thesis is probably due um no , I would say , yeah , maybe June next year ? At the latest . Yeah . Actually I don't know , unfortunately .
D :  June next year .
D :  Okay , wha when when do we when do you when whe uh when are we supposed to sub sumbit the proposal ?
A :  Well , we we won't have any extra meeting , well , the four of us , so , yeah , this one has to to be the the final one . Um so um we'll we'll have actually I I'll present this to , well , with the other , I'll compare it with the other one , and uh try to make a decision actually . I think it's even uh a bit later , or in two days , or something like this .
D :  'Kay , that's now .
D :  Okay .
D :  Mm .
D :  Okay .
D :  Well so as soon as we have Susan we can uh we can um so I would I would switch again .
A :  Again , okay . We yeah . Mm-hmm .
D :  Da but that , as I say , it's just for the sake of the of the proposition , so I even I'm even ready to uh to internally say that David will actually be in this room .
A :  Yeah . W we can leave it like this and then
D :  What does it what does it change ? names on the doors ?
A :  Uh , yeah , there will be names on the doors .
D :  Aha , so if we 'cause , Susan , the the the the problem the let's say the techn not the technical , the psy psychological problem we have is pra I'm extremenly happy with that solution . It would be a workab work working solution starting from January , when Paola will be here . But currently if we present it as it is , we have a three person room that is only occupied by a masters student .
C :  Sorry , yeah .
C :  No , because there is another person right now , a student that I just uh um hired . And she's just working right now for uh
D :  Aha , so sh you have a student . That we that's a rea real visitor to some extent .
A :  So she'll be a visitor .
C :  for November and December , yeah .
C :  A she uh she's a she's a real visitor . She's a real visitor that I just made a contract for her for two months . Yeah .
D :  Ah , so this one and this two one are just ah okay , okay . So then we would have two people there . Okay .
A :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Okay . Yeah , we'll we'll keep it like this . Um okay I , well , I'll try to to express all these constraints and uh and say in particular that the two rooms over here actually are sort of uh , well , s things could be changed over there , but on some other sides
D :  Yeah then that works .
D :  Yeah , but you you really have also to say that that that a a unit has to has to have some some horizon . I mean uh it's it's it's it's extremely important in the research domain that we can have people coming to visit us .
A :  Yeah , the visitor space , yeah , I'll uh
A :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Yeah , uh that's true . And
D :  Uh the second point I would suggest is that before you go to defend it , you should uh mm circulate it uh over mail to all the all the con involved people .
A :  Well ,
D :  To double-check so that
A :  I think this I I'm not very sure , but I think this will be done after the meeting , when okay .
D :  I would do it before . 'Cause you if you if you spend time defending a thing then um I don't know , Agnes comes to you or Pierrette comes to you saying it , no I don't want to be with Marianne . Uh what do you do ?
A :  Yeah . Mm-hmm .
A :  Uh-huh . A as far as know I think Agnes is also taking care of a proposal so okay , yeah , I'll circulate this . Perfect .
D :  So so it doesn't
D :  cost anything , it's just people will look at it , say oh , great , I have a view on the mountain and I'm uh with a person I like , so I'm happy .
A :  Yeah , exactly .
A :  Okay , so maybe we'll learn some more constraints . Um okay . Um yeah , actually as I as I told uh Martin um , well , this is the last time we meet , so uh this is , well , more or less our proposal , and uh we'll have a meeting , I think , it's uh it's in two days or something like that . Uh to discuss and compare with the other proposal and uh , well , make a final decision . Actually , probably a pre-final one , since we'll have to check again with everyone . But uh
C :  What's the timeline on this now ? So you have a meeting when ?
D :  Because
D :  Yeah , it's it's it's not it's not completely it's an important issue , because uh I need to know , when I will have the office decided , the phone number decided . Because these are information that I have to provide to administration . I'm reachable when I'm at uh well , they can phone me on the mobile , but uh I would definitely prefer to have a clean filled administrative form that I can give back .
C :  Mm-hmm . Oh , yeah .
A :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Mm-hmm . Well , so actually I think , I I'm not very sure , but the most important thing is , well , finding out when we will move and this happens in probably , I think , next month or depends also on how , well , the uh the furnishing and uh well goes on . .
D :  Yes , yes .
D :  Okay .
D :  And then uh of course you have these all these practical issues , how about internet connections ? Well uh , network connections , I mean ?
A :  No .
C :  How many connections are there per room ?
D :  Yeah , because that's also something double check . You know , if you are in a room with three people and one network connection
A :  Um .
A :  Oh no no no . No the roo the the building is very no actually I've seen it . Uh the building is very modern and uh you can have actually we'll get them activated , yeah . A and I think you get at least th yeah , three per room . So uh or probably more than that .
D :  Well no no um .
D :  Okay .
D :  But are they activated ?
D :  Okay .
D :  Okay .
C :  No , get the uh for the the bigger rooms you get double for every workplace you get two lines .
A :  Okay .
B :  Yeah yeah , you need , because sometimes you need a laptop and
D :  Ah okay . Good that looks good .
A :  Okay .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , sometimes he needs two two computers . Yeah , no this this .
C :  Yeah .
C :  No , because lots of people have , you know , they have a Sun and they have a a PC , so
D :  And if you go back to the uh to the uh other sli slide where you have the furniture so with this uh we do we have any m any any word to say and uh so that I would like to have a red chair or a blue desk uh or a
A :  Hmm .
A :  Oh no , unfortunately that's decided by the uh the school , so the the chairs are blue , the the desk is uh is brow , well , light-brown . And uh
D :  So that's the standard things .
D :  But do we have to order something or is it done automatically , so it will be in the office when we move in ?
A :  Uh , normally it's done automatically , except that we'll have to think
C :  Well , we have to say how many places that we want to have .
A :  Yeah , uh well , these are dictated by the names . Uh it's probably more difficult for the lounge . What we'll have is have a bit less furniture in the lounge and then bring all the , well the old it's not old , because we just bought it , but uh all the furniture from the previous lounge we'll we'll bring it here . Uh .
D :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Mm .
D :  And how about the boxes , because at you have to say when you will be moving the boxes , so that you have uh people for moving them . Or here you're supposed to move them yourself , or
A :  Well , it's the faculty that will take care of uh
D :  So we'll receive some information about that ?
A :  Yeah , yeah , I think yeah , i I mean it's a completely different issue from uh , you know , arranging people . It's just uh how the moving will take place . And there are things to to take care of , but uh it's uh quite unrelated with these things . Yeah , we'll get uh we'll get all the information . Uh thinking about internet connections , I think it's quite okay for the the for the the printer to be there . Yeah , I think it's i it's feasible . We'll we'll check . So the the violet box here is uh uh our mailboxes also .
C :  Yeah , they'll just give us a date when
D :  Okay .
D :  That's true , but uh right , right , right . . Okay , okay .
D :  Yeah , that's an important point , the the printer needs to be connected .
D :  By the way uh uh is there any uh wireless connection uh antennas for getting 'cause I I've I've heard that there is one downstairs in the
A :  Um not at the sixth floor . Yeah , yeah no not not in the building for the moment .
D :  that
C :  The well , there is downstairs in the building and pretty soon the whole building will be covered . Yeah .
A :  I mean not at this
D :  But that's important . I mean , typically for the laptops it's
A :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Yeah , but right now in uh downstairs it's fine . Some people can pick it up on sixth floor . But pretty soon the whole building will be covered .
D :  Ah okay , good .
A :  Mm-hmm . Okay . Well , I think it's a bit off topic already . So um let's say that i it's a proposal . We'll try it I'm , well I'll try to to express the the constraints and uh your opinions and uh well , I think , finally everyone can veto something if there is a huge problem , but I think with this we we don't run into huge problems .
D :  Yeah yeah , .
C :  Yeah , okay .
D :  Mm ?
D :  Sure .
D :  At least the four of us will not veto .
A :  Yeah , obviously . So let me save this .
C :  .
D :  at least .
B :  So you agree with a lounge ?
A :  And thank you for spending all this time .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Hope you're all happy .
D :  Okay .
D :  .
