D :  Okay . So now that we've all had a bit of time to think about it , um does anyone have any concrete proposals or do we want to just
D :  go through people and start placing them and kind of discuss as we go along ?
A :  I don't think they are concrete proposals .
D :  Nope .
A :  No .
B :  Not really .
C :  No , it's kind of we should maybe find a method to do stuff . Like , I don't know , choose one parameter .
D :  Okay .
C :  The first parameter to choose people to choose where to put people , like I dunno maybe permanent staff and non-permanent staff , we know that professor will stay for a long time . We uh we don't know for the other
D :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , that's true .
C :  maybe that could be the first parameter to take into account . Not just to have this dis
D :  Yeah , give them like the most comfortable offices and
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , and have this discussion every two years .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Because it's ,
C :  you know
A :  Yeah , this makes sense .
C :  make sense for everyone . So we can choose where to put uh , I would say , the the the three first one of the list . Yeah . Yeah , yeah . And yeah .
B :  Yeah , yeah .
B :  Suzanne , for example .
B :  Mm-hmm .
D :  'Cause a professor , but he's only here half time , so it's sort of a different situation .
D :  And he's a professor at , but not in Geneva , he just does research in Geneva .
C :  Mm and maybe the two other senior Andrei and Nancy .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Okay , so let's
C :  And then , yeah .
D :  go through that first . Um
C :  Mm .
B :  So what do you think for uh
C :  .
B :  Susan and Maggie for example the
B :  the rooms for one person .
D :  Yeah . And for Susan probably yeah , 'cause I think she prefers to have her own office .
C :  Yeah , that could be an idea .
C :  Yeah . Mm .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Um . Okay . Any preferences to which one ?
B :  Naturally .
D :  'Kay . I put Susan here for now .
C :  can switch .
D :  And then Maggie in the other one ?
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah . It's up to them I guess uh .
B :  .
D :  No , it's up to us . They're not here so
B :  Yeah , to
A :  Up to us ? Well I mean they they can switch later . They can switch later .
C :  Which is
D :  Um okay .
D :  And then
A :  Pirette next ?
D :  Yep .
C :  So we need to put Pirette , Andrei and Nancy do we want to the the question is now is do we want to put the three together or the three completely separate
C :  with
C :  other people ?
D :  Um
B :  I would say not together in a three it's quite a lo yeah , yeah .
D :  Well , Pierrette has students and Andrei and don't . Well , does Andrei ? S he teaches but okay .
C :  Yeah , yeah .
C :  Some , some . Yeah , but few , less than Pierrette .
B :  some .
B :  Just yeah .
D :  Yeah .
C :  So we have a
D :  'Cause also if we're gonna put people together by projects then there's no sense to put them together , 'cause they all work on different projects .
C :  Mm .
D :  Right ?
C :  Yeah .
C :  Um I just realised something . The two people room in the middle which has only one windows ,
D :  Mm ?
D :  Yeah .
C :  it's gonna be pretty hard to put two people inside that room .
D :  'Cause they'll fight for the window .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , it's quite dark .
D :  What about moving Gisella in there ?
D :  If she's in there half the time , she can have her desk near the window , and okay , she's not near the mailbox , but
C :  Yeah . Except we yeah . And near the photocopier .
D :  but it maybe more sort of practical in terms of working environments for people .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , it would be nicer .
C :  And what about the reading room ?
A :  Who ?
D :  But again , one of the reasons for putting the reading room where it is is so that you have
C :  Yeah , but you I mean uh I think , everybody is supposed to spend more time in their office than in the reading room . So we might think that it's better to have a more comfortable office than a more comfortable reading room , I don't know , it change the plan of the morning , I'm sorry , but I just realised that stupid architect put only one windows .
D :  You think .
B :  Finally , you think ?
B :  Yeah , I agree , it's uh
A :  .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Who built this building ? Do we know that ?
D :  I don't know .
C :  I dunno . What do you think ?
A :  So I don't know , we spent quite some time at the last meeting and t to decide this , and now we are just
C :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , I know , but in the last meeting nobody just
C :  took attention at this one windows problem . And I think it is one problem .
A :  Of course , but everybody had the documents before , so you could have studied them . So I don't think it's a good idea . Yeah , m
D :  Or what if you put
C :  Yeah , you too , I can I can say the thing to you , I'm sorry .
B :  You you said that there is electricity .
D :  What if we put the two people that are fifty per cent in that room ? Yeah .
B :  In the
C :  The two people ? That's really welcoming and warming .
D :  But they are only here fifty per cent .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Well , let's uh how we can uh fill the three person rooms ?
C :  What what what ? Say it again .
B :  Uh how we ge who we gonna put in the three person rooms ? I mean we have now a two three person rooms left . And um
C :  No no , but the main problem we have the same number of place and the same number of people now . Yeah . And uh I just noticed that we have this two people room
B :  Yeah , yeah . Mm , we do . Mm .
D :  So everyone has to go somewhere .
A :  W I I I don't mind going into this office .
D :  And you also have one three person room with two windows .
C :  with only one windows . Yeah . You don't mind to have okay , so , Nikos and you have to find yeah . You have to find somebody agree to come with you . And it's not a question of you it's a question of windows .
A :  No .
D :  Nikos volunteers .
D :  Who you're taking with you ?
C :  Who would you put with you ? Let's put a fifty per cent so
A :  Oh , why not ?
D :  Okay . Well 'kay so let's put David in there , yeah .
C :  From the David . Yeah . Do you know David ? You will learn to know him .
A :  Yeah ?
A :  No .
D :  You'll meet him . Okay .
D :  So I'm just gonna
D :  make a list on here of who we have .
D :  keep talking .
C :  So David and Nikos , it's done .
C :  And with um Pirette uh
B :  So , where were we ? Uh Pierrette , uh Andrei , Nancy ?
C :  Andrei and Nancy .
A :  Maybe we can put Pierrette and her t two two P_H_D_ students into one room ?
B :  Yeah , why not ?
C :  How many P_H_D_ student does she have ?
B :  All two Mariannes or
C :  And me .
C :  .
B :  And you too , okay . So we need a
C :  Yes , I'm doing a P_H_D_ . Yes . Officially . Um .
D :  with Pierrette .
D :  Okay , so David , Nikos , Gisella , Maggie and Susan are done .
D :  Okay .
C :  So and can you put the the map again , so we s see what happen .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Um .
C :  That's that might be a good idea to put Pirette with two P_H_D_ student , whoever they are .
D :  Okay . Should we be nice and give them three windows ?
A :  Um yeah , mayb maybe the other one would be more convenient if we are all working on the same project . So we are close by .
C :  Which one ?
D :  Okay .
C :  Okay .
C :  So Pirette and
C :  the two Mariannes .
D :  That won't get confusing .
B :  Yeah , I'd like to have a view to the mountains , but well
C :  Okay , so wha put me with Marianne and Pirette , it's alright .
A :  Mm .
C :  And we put Marianne in front if she want to be
D :  Where ? Here ?
C :  No , on the room on the opposite oh no , that's the old town view .
D :  Oh , here .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Well that's that will do , but uh
D :  Would have to be here or the other three person room .
B :  Yeah well f yeah , it's uh yeah , old town is as well as well yeah , that's alright . Yeah yeah . And that's good , because there are Pirette , Marianne and Nikos they are on the other side of the corridor , so it's yeah .
D :  Pick a room .
C :  Pick a room . Is that alright ? Is the old town view beautiful enough ?
D :  Well she's not that far if she's like like in this one here .
C :  Mm . Yeah . Okay , so Marianne , and who do you want to work with ?
D :  'Kay so you want this one ?
B :  Who is left um who
C :  Nancy , Martin , Pirette ? No , Pirette is done .
B :  And
C :  Andrei , Yalina , Maria and Agnes . Okay . Okay , so put Yalina with um
A :  Agnes .
D :  Mm .
B :  Yalina , Ya Yalina would be good . And actually she is working for the same project as well .
D :  Okay . .
B :  With beautiful laughter .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Yalina .
C :  Okay .
C :  And we have uh
C :  now
C :  Do you think it's a good idea to put Martin and Andrei together , since they are working on the same project ?
D :  Yeah . That could work .
B :  And anyway , Martin is just a fifty per cent .
C :  Yeah . And we might put Martin and Andrei and someone else in the three person room , since the fifty per cent , it's a good
B :  .
D :  In room yeah .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Okay .
D :  Mm .
D :  I guess I can go in there , 'cause Martin and I wor are working on the sort of the same thing .
C :  Okay .
B :  Okay .
D :  And that leaves
C :  Maria and Nancy .
D :  And Nancy .
C :  That's really strange .
B :  That's all ?
D :  Yeah , that's a weird combination .
A :  Why ?
B :  How i how it looks like
C :  So , what do we think about that ?
A :  Okay , w w why don't we move Maria to this to where to the office I'm supposed to be and I can go with Nancy ?
D :  No , it's not that . It's just you've almost got like a project split ,
A :  If you think that
D :  except that you don't , because
D :  Nancy and Maggie and I work on premindia parmenidy parmenidies . And then Andrei , Martin , Maria and I also work on .
C :  Mm-hmm mm yeah .
D :  And sort of Susan . Although the Susan and Maggie thing we can't really change .
C :  I think this project thing is not good thing .
C :  This project splitting I mean .
D :  No .
C :  Splitting by project .
D :  But then we should split the little party up .
C :  Yeah . No but if you if if you split by project you put me in one person room .
B :  Yeah , you can
D :  All on your own .
B :  Ah .
D :  Hmm .
C :  That's hard .
D :  See I would put it the other way . I would put the room with Martin in it in the two window room , 'cause he's fifty per cent , so then at least
D :  the other two people get
C :  Could you say that again ?
D :  Put Martin in the three person room with two windows .
C :  Okay .
D :  Since he's fifty per cent .
C :  Okay .
C :  So you just
C :  you just move him or
C :  the two groups ? You just
D :  Either way . Well I don't know for splitting up
A :  But is this about windows or is it about it it it must be functional . If you and Martin work on the same project then
D :  people or
B :  Yeah , uh that was my question .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , I mean with whom you'd you'd to with whom you'd like to work in the same office . I mean , is it important to have someone uh from the same project or um
D :  Well I'm trying to optimise .
D :  I don't think it's necessarily so important to be in the same office with someone
C :  No .
D :  if you're working on the same project .
A :  Yeah , we can each other , yeah . .
B :  Yeah , we can skive . But you're gonna disturb all the people .
D :  'Cause you're too lazy to get up and walk next door .
B :  We're gonna disturb all the people by skiving all the time .
D :  I don't know like right now I share an office with Bruno . We don't work on any projects together .
C :  Except coffee time and that's important project too , but uh gossiping and stuff like that , yes . Mm .
D :  Yeah . Of course . But I mean that's fine . Like I don't need to be in the same office with someone who works on or
C :  Yeah .
D :  someone who works on parmenidies .
D :  It's not like yeah .
C :  And it's quite funny to to to hear other
C :  activities around you . And not always the same stuff .
B :  Yeah , that's for sure .
C :  Especially when it's activity that you don't understand or yeah .
D :  Know anything about yeah . You hear things out of context . What ?
A :  I agree , but the setup is pretty good now . So Bruno is not on and he's sharing um office ? Uh I'm not sharing somebody with I work on the same project ,
B :  With
C :  Yeah .
D :  Okay .
C :  No , that's quite nice .
A :  uh um , yeah .
B :  Yeah , I Yeah . I dunno you were saying that uh Maria and Nancy doesn't fit together in the same
D :  I just can't really see them sharing an office , I don't know why .
B :  So what you say if you change the office uh , I don't know , and you work with Nancy or uh
B :  What do you yeah , I dunno .
D :  Or we put Andrei and Nancy to Nancy together 'cause they're starting that new
D :  project . And then put Maria with
C :  Oh yeah .
B :  For example ?
A :  Martin and you , yeah .
D :  me and Martha . I can see that working a bit better .
C :  Yeah . Yeah , okay , why not .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Sounds okay .
C :  .
D :  Hmm .
C :  .
B :  What do you say ?
C :  I'm not totally convinced .
B :  Sorry ?
C :  I'm not convinced about this . I dunno .
B :  No , what's bothering you ?
A :  Yeah , what is it now ?
B :  I thi I think
D :  I thought you were saying you didn't wanna be in a three person room . First of all
C :  Yeah . First of all , no from the beginning I said the three person room it's quite I mean it's a disadvantage .
B :  And now you are you are changing your mind all the time .
A :  Bu s somebody has to be
B :  Yeah , but if you work with the people like Pirette and Marianne uh
C :  And um
C :  to change a little bit this disadvantage we put somebody fifty per cent , in
D :  Yeah . And put David but then you and Nikos have the window problem , which is why I still think we should put Gisella in that room , because
C :  three person room , so we could do the same in the three person rooms , but there is still this problem yeah .
C :  Yeah .
D :  it's
D :  She gets the window , the whatever , he's there for two months , it's their problem . Yeah . Not for enjoying the view .
B :  Well , at mm
C :  yeah , it's here for working . Not not us but exactly .
B :  Uh well
D :  So
C :  And you , so there is no view .
B :  Pirette is having quite a
B :  unadvantaged situation , because there are Marianne and Bruno who are having uh reception hours . so it's gonna be a qui yeah , so it's quite a
D :  Yeah , but if you put
C :  And Pirette as well . We uh all have uh reception hours .
B :  traffic there I would say .
C :  Yeah .
D :  So what if we
D :  switch no .
A :  Well , will there be wireless in the building ? I mean , if there are reception hours , so somebody could move to the reading room , and have people
C :  Yeah .
D :  You have to have a computer with wireless .
A :  Well isn't this the case ? Doesn't everybody has one ? No ?
D :  No . Well , most of us first of all have desktop computers . pick up your desktop and plus you can't assume that you can just use the reading room for reception hours .
C :  .
B :  No .
A :  .
B :  So well , of course , if they put uh
C :  You can move with your desktop , yeah .
C :  No .
D :  Right . Like if people are actually using it as a reading room .
B :  The aim having a room room for reading or
C :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
D :  .
D :  Can we say we're gonna move Gisella here ?
C :  Yeah , okay .
B :  Yeah .
D :  And then
D :  I think that gives us a little bit more flexibility to play with moving people around . Goes here .
C :  Yeah .
C :  Okay , can we say that David uh is yeah . Instead of
D :  You were the first one on the list , but if you wanna remove someone else
C :  Okay , but okay . No , because I was thinking of we can um
C :  having these two office which are near to the lift
C :  Keep this office for reception people .
C :  If I can con we are Pirette , the two Marianne and I , are receivi and Maggie and Susan are receiving a lot of student . So we
B :  people .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Mm-hmm . So what if we put you with yeah . Will you have . Okay , so
C :  With the Finnish for example , if you want me .
B :  Well , you can you als already speak quite well Finnish , so we might get along , yeah . Yes , I will .
C :  Yeah , so that's ki yeah , yeah , okay . Lopeta .
D :  I'm just putting Yalina in so we don't
C :  Yeah , yeah . Uh that's nice to have a corner a student , I mean , a student area .
C :  You know what I mean . Yeah , to find us and it's also quite noisy when you have this kind of
B :  . It's easy for them to
D :  Yeah .
B :  find the people .
D :  Mm-hmm .
C :  parade of student before the exams . So if you work with me and you have this
D :  Yeah .
A :  Mm .
D :  Mm-hmm .
B :  It only goes on Yalina .
A :  No . Hmm ? I have no problem with that .
C :  agree with that ?
D :  Or do you wanna go somewhere else ?
A :  Um .
C :  So and the photocopier is still
D :  Here .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , we have to from the other side of the
B :  But well .
D :  You just don't photocopy .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , who does anyway ?
B :  Yeah , the people having students .
C :  Yeah .
A :  So maybe you and Bruno should take this office .
C :  No , but it's too far from
D :  Well you have the other
C :  Yeah .
D :  lift .
C :  Okay .
B :  Yeah , if we change the
D :  The switch ?
B :  three people ,
B :  Pirette , Marianne , David David
D :  With here ?
B :  with here and uh
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , that's a good idea .
D :  So like that and then move you to
C :  That's quite good . And then yeah .
C :  So we have a three windows' room . With view everywhere . Aha .
B :  Yeah . We got it .
D :  That's what the plan was . From the beginning .
B :  W with the mount ah my mountains , yes I got the mountains .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Do you get the photocopying noise . Now we are all gonna come photocopy just to annoy you .
C :  We close the door .
A :  And it's not very healthy either , yeah .
B :  And bathrooms are nearby , yeah .
C :  Yeah and
D :  Okay .
C :  I think that's quite nice .
D :  Or did was the id
D :  I should start start making full sentences .
D :  What about
D :  I was thinking about moving Pierrette and Marianne into a two person office rather than a three person office .
C :  And then ? And put David
D :  But
D :  With Andrei and Nancy , for example .
C :  In a two person office ? And why ?
D :  No , in a three person office . Because if they have reception
A :  .
D :  I know , I thought you were saying that
D :  Pierrette should have a smaller office ,
D :  or be in a smaller office , because of reception or something , or did I just completely misunderstand ?
C :  No , no , the reason to put Pirette and Marianne Marianne and I together is because of the noise we make by receiving students .
D :  Okay .
C :  And then the reason to put David in this office it's because yeah , it's fifty per cent in a three
D :  Is because he's fifty per cent , okay .
B :  Fifty per cent , yeah .
D :  Okay , that works .
C :  place office .
C :  Um .
C :  That sounds nice , no ?
B :  Yeah , looks good .
D :  Mm-hmm .
C :  And I think we do have the best office uh . It's a kind of dictatorship decision , but we are here to make a decision , so
B :  Yeah , I think too . I'm quite happy with it .
C :  And Agnes , you're gonna sell this to the administrator ?
D :  I'm going to try . Yes .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah . So ?
D :  'Kay , what arguments do I need ?
D :  Well , we have the the group and students here . Although you still have Susan and Maggie over here .
C :  The argument of student . Yeah . You can also s oh , yeah .
B :  Yeah , but it's quite logical to have the for the professors one person rooms , I think .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Mm .
D :  So it is sort of a well , no , it's not a project split .
C :  is
D :  It's weird , 'cause it kind of is and kind of isn't .
D :  Because Maria and Martin and I work all work on the same project , and then Andrei and Nancy work on the same project , and Pierrette n yeah .
C :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , but we all work on different projects so we can't
C :  What is the little square d you put oh , a printer ? And the photocopier ? Okay .
D :  And yeah .
B :  For the yeah .
C :  That's quite fine .
D :  Okay , let me just write down the arguments for why um
C :  Student reception .
A :  suggestion , if possible , we could move me and Yalina to the office where Andrei and Nancy are now .
D :  Mm-hmm .
D :  You just want a bigger window .
A :  No , I I just it's just more convenient if I'm closer with my
A :  The partners of my project .
C :  You .
C :  Okay .
B :  We can skive as you said .
C :  No yeah , that's fine .
D :  Happy ?
C :  So the arguments are uh student reception
B :  Yeah .
C :  in one corner .
D :  That's noise reduction .
C :  Yeah .
C :  The fifty per cent
C :  in the three
B :  Person rooms . Mm-hmm .
C :  person room .
D :  Okay .
B :  And the projects they're they are quite well grouped actually now .
C :  Yeah . Yeah .
D :  Now they are , yeah .
C :  And um the two mm and the two professor is one single .
D :  Except for David , but we can't do anything about that .
B :  And well Gisella she is kind of
B :  in the middle .
C :  Yeah .
C :  Centred .
A :  She's the heart of the .
B :  Yeah , department .
C :  And since you nee you will meet the administrator , can we ask for a coffee machine somewhere . Yeah , or in that hall . I mean , the sixth floor , there is no coffee machine on the sixth floor .
B :  In the reading room , that would be good .
A :  It's not kitchen .
B :  Oh it's not , ah it's
D :  You mean like
D :  a little machine or a vending machine ?
C :  No no , um a vending machine .
D :  'Kay .
D :  The little machine , I think , would be harder to sell , but
D :  .
C :  Yeah but try .
D :  I will .
B :  Yeah , good coffee .
C :  Wi with good coffee . Italian one , please .
B :  Yeah . Quite strong , strong good coffee .
D :  Nespresso ?
C :  Yeah .
C :  And herb tea .
B :  Uh yeah .
D :  With the good strong coffee . What did you say , hot tea ?
C :  For the afternoon .
B :  Yeah .
C :  H herb tea .
C :  For the afternoon , yeah . Because with strong coffee I don't t sleep .
D :  Oh , herb tea .
B :  .
B :  If you late uh you work late , yeah . And you drink uh coffee , yeah .
C :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah yeah . Mm .
C :  And do we know if there will be air conditioning ?
B :  Is there actually a smoking uh area somewhere ?
B :  Not for me but
D :  Nope . Non-smoking building .
B :  but we okay . We have the terrace still on the sixth floor or uh how how . No . Not at all . They have to go down , yeah .
C :  No no no , there is no terrace on that building .
D :  No , they'll have to go down .
C :  So , no we're not gonna change the plan only for the smokers .
B :  .
A :  Well it's it's ideal for Nancy , she is just very close to the lifts .
B :  Yeah , yeah .
C :  Exactly . As well .
D :  And Susan Maggie close enough , yeah .
B :  And Susan , Maggie as well .
C :  I think it's fine .
D :  Okay .
A :  Excellent , yeah .
B :  Yeah , I think it's okay . Let's see what the the other ones say .
C :  Okay . Is everyone happy with that ?
D :  Yeah , I think so .
D :  Just checking if actually have everyone , but I think we do .
A :  So when exactly are we supposed to move ?
D :  In was it what did I say , three weeks .
B :  Three weeks .
A :  Three weeks . So they've set up everything , wiring , uh internet , or what's the sta the status right now ?
D :  As far as I know , yeah . As far as I know basically we pack up one day , the movers come , take all our stuff , put into the red boxes . So when you get there the next day , all your stuff is already in your office .
C :  Mm .
C :  Wow .
D :  And all the I_P_s and everything is set up . They're trying .
C :  That's very professional yeah .
C :  Hmm .
D :  So , we'll see . Make sure you label your boxes properly .
B :  Okay .
D :  Um especially the Marianne's .
B :  My boxes . Ah . Yeah . .
C :  Uh can
D :  Yeah , so they won't confuse it get confused with the other Marianne's boxes .
C :  can we think of putting a white board somewhere in the hall ? For general information ?
D :  Uh we can try .
B :  That might be a good idea .
D :  I can ask them .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Well , mai mailing lists .
B :  Of course , you can mail em yeah , if you have something .
D :  But that's not really
C :  Yeah , but I mean you have a nice poster of the next conference , you don't put it you know a a big board with
B :  Ah okay , yeah a posters , okay . That's kind of thing . Yeah . Yes , .
D :  Um where ?
D :  Like along Gisella's
C :  Along one of the wall , yeah .
B :  Or in front of the reading room or
A :  Well there are lots of walls we can put posters on .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Okay , so
D :  Along that bottom hallway somewhere .
C :  Mm yeah , .
B :  Mm .
D :  Okay .
D :  Anything else I need to ask them ?
C :  .
B :  No more special
B :  wishes .
D :  'Kay .
D :  I don't actually we may need to sort out
C :  Ooh .
D :  That's not healthy . Um who
D :  I don't know if we need to sort out who sits where , 'cause if they're gonna plug everything and set everything up .
C :  I think it's everybody's responsibility to find
D :  Yeah .
C :  if they prefer to be in front of , back to window or whatever . I mean , if we start doing that not happy
D :  Yeah .
B :  yeah , you know .
A :  Yeah , we don't want to micro manage things , yeah .
C :  We are all adults , so I think we can all speak and
D :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , no , no . Yeah .
D :  I just can't remember whether they're actually gonna set everything up for us or not , but we can change it I guess .
C :  Uh okay .
C :  I hope , yeah .
D :  Okay .
C :  Okay .
D :  That's it then . save this .
A :  Can you mail a copy of that to everybody ?
D :  Yep .
D :  Not right now , 'cause I'm not connected to the internet .
C :  .
D :  But I will .
C :  Okay .
D :  Okay .
D :  Good , we're done then .
