A :  Okay . Hi everybody and welcome to our kick-off meeting um for our new product that we're gonna be designing . Um I'm Mandy and I'm the Project Manager . And I know all your names again , Courtney , Fenella and Amber . Alright . Okay , so first let's go through this PowerPoint .
D :  Yep .
B :  Yep .
A :  I wonder what button I press ?
C :  Just do it on the arrow .
A :  Yeah , or how about I just click ? Okay , here is our agenda for this meeting . Um we're gonna start with our opening which was our introductions . We're gonna get to know each other a little bit better . Um tool training , we're going to , I guess , figure out what to do on this project with our individual roles . Um we're gonna make a project plan and then have some time for discussion and close up the meeting .
A :  Okay , here is our project . We're gonna make a new remote control that's um original , trendy and also user-friendly .
A :  And how we are going to do it is each of us is going to um We're gonna have discuss the functional design first , how is it gonna be used , what's the actual goal here , it has to operate T_V_ , blah blah blah . And we're going to do individual work on that and then meet . Same thing with conceptual design . Just the basic overview of the project and then we're going to do individual work , meet . That's pretty much the the whole process for today . And then the detailed design , just more in-depth , get the actual schematics of the remote . Okay . Alright . First we're gonna start off by using our tools . And the whiteboard thing , do you guys wanna give that a try even though the ink wasn't working or do you wanna do it on here .
B :  I think we should forgo the whiteboard since we can't actually see what we're writing .
D :  We could
D :  Yeah , we could on here .
A :  Alright , let's go forward then . Um right now so we're all gonna draw our favourite animal and then sum up our favourite characteristics of that animal . Even if you are not a good drawer like me . Alright .
B :  Artistic skills , nil .
C :  Fine .
A :  Um .
D :  Oh , thanks .
A :  Bless you .
B :  I draw like I'm in grade five .
A :  Oh do I .
A :  'Kay , about one more minute .
A :  Okay .
A :  Okay . And who would like to start us off ?
D :  I'll go . Um this is my picture . I drew fish I like fish , because uh , you know , their whole water-vascular system thing . It's pretty cool , and um they've got a pretty good habitat and they are pretty sometimes , sometimes vicious but that's okay . Yeah .
A :  Alright .
A :  Only if they're piranhas .
D :  Yeah , they they're easy , you know .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Alright . Who wants to go next ?
B :  I'll go . I drew a kitty . It's pretty much impossible to tell that's a cat , but I love cats .
D :  No I I see it . Yeah , it does look like a cat .
A :  No , it looks like a cat .
C :  No , I kne I knew .
B :  I love cats because they're independent , uh they pretty much know what they want , they get it , they move on .
A :  I love cats , too . I'm a cat person .
C :  Yeah .
D :  I'm allergic to cats . Oh , okay .
B :  I'm allergic to cats , too .
A :  Uh .
C :  Ah .
C :  In my next life .
A :  If you're around one I had a roommate who was um allergic , but if she was around my cat forever she became used to it , you know , it's weird .
D :  Yeah , yeah , if you're around them for a long period of time
B :  I still can't sleep with them in my room .
A :  Okay .
D :  Oh , yeah , this summer I , oh I had to live with cats . It was crazy . Yeah .
A :  Okay , Fenella ?
C :  Um , I drew a badger .
D :  Cool .
B :  Yay .
A :  Badger . Good choice . Why a badger ?
C :  Well , yeah . Uh
C :  I dunno , they're grumpy and nocturnal and
B :  Are you trying to suggest something ?
C :  Well , a little bit like the Yes . Um . And then , if you know Wind in the Willows badger . Yeah and then uh I don't know if you know Brian . He's Liverpudlian writer .
D :  Oh , okay .
A :  Alright .
C :  Um , that kind of books . Badgers are cool in that one too .
A :  Okay . And I'm last . 'Kay . Look at my sad sad giraffe . No , no , no , it ends up looking like some kind of a dinosaur , but whatever . I don't know even much about giraffes , but I just love the way they look . They're just such odd creatures , you know . I I like that they're so unique and individual , I guess . I don't know much about their behaviour or anything , though . Only seen a couple in zoos . Yeah , but you can appreciate the way they look . Okay . Alright . Guess we're getting straight back into business here . Um the selling price for our remote is going to be twenty-five Euro , and our profit aim is fifty million Euro . We're going to make this an international product marketed in the States , in Europe , in Asia . And um our production cost to make that profit is gonna be a max of twelve fifty Euro per remote .
D :  No , that's good .
D :  You don't really have to , I mean , if you like 'em
A :  Okay . So we're gonna talk for a little while . Um here are some topics that we might be able to discuss . Expe our experiences with remote controls um , our first ideas about this new remote , anything that you can bring to the table for this project . So .
C :  Now ?
A :  Yeah . You wanna start us off ? Anybody have anything to offer ?
B :  Well , we wanna make a multifunctional remote , right ? One remote for everything .
A :  Right .
D :  Right .
C :  And everything being Wait , we have what , sound system , T_V_ , D_V_D_ , V_H_S_ , uh TiVo ?
B :  Um .
B :  I think they'll be phasing V_H_S_ out shortly .
D :  Yeah , TiVo .
A :  TiVo .
C :  But it's still there , so
B :  Okay .
C :  if po if we're gonna do it
D :  It needs to be compatible 'cause universal remote controls are never universal .
A :  They're never universal . That's right . Esp e especially if you buy a a not big product , D_V_D_ player , say , usually it doesn't work if it's not one of the Yeah . Yeah . Something from Sam's club .
C :  Or if it's not like a Sony , if it's like a I don't know .
B :  So we'll have to figure it how to cover all the different variances in signals .
A :  Yeah .
D :  And what we need an insanely good instruction booklet , because you always have to reconfigure all your contraptions to go with the remote anyways .
A :  Yeah .
A :  'Kay , and um another thing that I think is important is the d the design of the product , how it feels in your hand . If it's just flat and kind of boring th those don't Nobody wants to buy those any more . They want the ergonomic ones . Yeah . Ones that ones that look high-tech , too .
D :  They want like the flashy lights . Oh like this came from Las Vegas .
C :  But at the same time are simple .
A :  Right . So that people like my mother can use it .
D :  Mm yeah .
B :  What about something with the curvature like that matches the curvature of a hand ?
A :  Yeah .
A :  'Kay . Anybody have any experiences with remote controls that they can remember that
C :  Just bad ones .
A :  Yeah . That's true .
C :  Um .
B :  What kinda battery would we want to use ? Because battery changing is usually Okay .
C :  Double A_ .
D :  Double A_ .
A :  Do some of them use triple A_s though ?
D :  Yeah some use triple A_s . So double or triple ?
C :  Some but
A :  Okay .
C :  Yeah , I guess then it's
C :  If we need to do triple A_ we can , but most people usually have double A_s around .
A :  Okay . Yeah . But that has to do with the size of it too . Well , w as long as we know that issue is
C :  Right .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , if we want it to be more thin , then we'd probably wanna go with a triple A_ .
A :  Here we can
A :  Triple A . But it's okay , we don't have to decide about it now , just as long as we remember battery type and size is important . Hey . Anything else ?
B :  Can you with a small lithium battery ?
A :  Alright . Moving along .
A :  Oh , we're closing the meeting . Next meeting is gonna start in thirty minutes . Here's what we're going to do . Um the I_D_ , which is who ? Okay , you're going to think about the working design . What do you think that means ?
A :  Okay . And U_I_D_ , the technical fun functions design , making sure it does everything that we need the remote to do , the functionality of it , operating all those different things . Okay . And the marketing person , that's Courtney , is going to do the user requirements specification .
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  I guess that means specifying um what exactly the user is going to be looking for . Right ? I would think so . Okay . And you're gonna get more specific instructions emailed to you in just a little while . Okay , so does anybody have anything they wanna say before we close the meeting ?
D :  Right .
A :  Okay . This meeting is officially over .
