A :  Hi Kate . Okay , carry on . Alright um this is the beginning of the third meeting , the conceptual design meeting . Um our agenda should be um that we're opening the meeting , I have the minutes from the previous meeting are on the shared f drive at this point . Um and we should each have a presentation to make . Um we have certain decisions to make and we have forty minutes total . It's twenty five after two at the moment , so forty minutes is five after three , um which I'll be keeping an eye on the clock for us . Okay .
B :  Just just carry on .
A :  Um there are the decisions we have to turn to , but we'll come back to them in a minute after I take us to the
A :  minutes of the previous meeting .
A :  Right um as we remember , I opened the meeting , the four of us were present , the meeting the first meeting's minutes were reviewed and approved . Um Sarah , you presented a marketing research report um which pretty much rep represented that fifteen to thirty five year olds uh it has to be hand-held , power , channel , volume , number keys , possibly a speech recognition .
A :  And then Steph did a second presentation um that those functions plus streamlining them with big user-friendly keys that were easy to use . I think all of us agreed with those things . Kate presented a working design of going after going over the basics on the whiteboard um that it should be a simple mass-produced device , because of the twelve and a half Pence cost . Um but we did talk about possibly using rechargeable batteries and having a docking place as a selling point . Um and the new requirements that it for be for T_V_ only um and that it include the l so slogan and colour of the uh corporate design be included . Um
A :  the corporate image .
A :  So we agreed that the target market would be fifteen to thirty five with more money than sense , that were decision makers . Alternatively it would be a manufacturer to enclose it with the T_V_ , but it still should meet those parameters . Um and that the function we agreed was volume , power , numbers , enter , channels , a way to move between channels , easy to use and hand-held .
A :  Um at that point we agreed that Sarah would look at the current cost of competition , what what do the current ones sell for . Um and Steph was gonna look at ec ergonomics . Kate was gonna look at cost and feasibility of the various possibilities that we discussed . And I was to type up these minutes and work on the final report .
A :  Is this a fair presentation of what our last meeting was ?
C :  Yeah .
C :  Yes .
B :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Okay .
A :  Right . So we're ready to close that and go back to our
A :  That one .
A :  Right . We're up to the point of the
A :  Go back .
A :  Um the three presentations . So we're going to pull the plug on me and turn to Sarah . Is that okay ?
A :  Is that alright with everybody else ? Especially since Kate asked to be last . Sarah , I'm sorry if I misspelled your name , I didn't know whether it was S_A_R_A_ or S_A_R_H_ .
C :  Yep .
B :  Mm-hmm .
D :  I respond to either . No worries .
A :  You respond to whatever you get , huh ? Okay .
A :  Um , did you do your Hit
C :  Yeah ,
A :  Ah , there it is .
D :  Okay , first thing I want to address is um one of the points that Florence brought up , which was uh current cost of the competition devices , similar to the ones that Stephanie uh showed us and and they're uh twenty to sixty Euros , depending on uh branding . Some of them that have a higher brand recognition are on the more expensive end . But I think that with the current um price that we're searching for , we're well within , even on the lower end , of the uh of the market . But I'm going to move on to more interesting um more vibrant things .
A :  Ta-da .
C :  Right .
A :  Mm 'kay .
D :  So , I investigated the remote control market in greater detail , and my uh the theme of what I was to work on was uh trend watch .
D :  And
A :  'Kay .
B :  Sorry . I'm glad to see the marketing budget is being so well spent on .
D :  I know that you all are a distance from cutting edge marketing research , so you know , I'm just gonna try to cloak it in really professional terms here . What's hot , fruit and veg .
D :  Spongy . And this is all over the catwalks , Paris , Milan , and I'm talking about clothing , furniture , shoes . This is really interesting change from past years , because it is much more organic , um some would say approachable . And I think if we're to refashion our view of what we want in a remote control , we should perhaps think about incorporating technologically interesting fabrics
A :  Mm .
D :  and some of the bold colours into a simple
D :  handset . So . I also did a little research on um
D :  what again are the most important priorities in uh decision making about uh purchasing . Fancy . Functional is out . And f the fancy , and that's exactly the term , I'm I'm thinking polished , elegant , you know , kind of innovative , but a cut above . This is twice as important as the next finding , which is technologically innovative . This is interesting , 'cause I think in the last meeting we were talking about technology as being so important , but maybe what's innovative is having it simple with um with uh technologically superior fabrics or uh , you know , designed in interesting substances . Ease of use . Again , pretty low , I mean it's the top three , but each of the uh fancy and technologically innovative are far more important . So
D :  I think we should cloak the streamlined remote control device in a series of fruit fruit themed sleeves .
B :  I think that's a good idea . Don't you ?
D :  Y yeah , you know
C :  Yes .
A :  It sounds like the the uh covers that they use for the remote , you know , your t your cell phone .
D :  Exactly .
D :  Exactly . I was thinking though that instead of having something uh like patterned , you know , so , you know , something similar to a summer dress . you know , it would have like fruit and veg , is that we actually make these spongy . They could be ini initially I thought we could start with kind of um fruit that would suit kind of uh a long uh hand-held , so banana , pineapple and pear . Um it could actually the sleeve could take up a lot of the development and the remote control , we'd just need to get reductionist on it . They could be interchangeable , they're spongy , that goes back to ergonomic , and the youngsters love 'em , fun for the whole family , everyone can have their own . So what we're talking about is changing .
A :  Mm .
D :  this concept . Everyone has a T_V_ remote , but then we add in the fact that they could each have their own individual fruit . That's what's hot on the catwalks . So , this is my
D :  This is what I'm thinking .
A :  Hmm .
C : 
A :  Uh-huh mm .
A :  In most families , don't isn't the remote is a remote .
D :  Y yeah , but I think I think what this would allow is perhaps a person in the family who had the most opinion about it we all need a remote , but the person who is really perhaps active in personalising , I'm thinking the teenager , the someone fifteen to thirty five would go out and get this additional thing the same way as you mentioned that people would get the cell phone covers .
A :  Mm .
C :  So when your dad's sitting there , overriding your decision , going no we're gonna watch this , you can bring out your own remote and be like zap , no we're gonna watch this .
D :  Yeah . W and plus I think
A :  Mm . Well actually some households do have three and four T_V_s and they would have a remote for each one , so .
D :  Uh yeah .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah . So this is an idea and I I you know , this is exactly what the research has uh has shown . So I really open this up to uh any other feedback . This spongy fruit and veg .
B :  Yeah , I I think we're gonna have some trouble when we get down to the component design on this . Spongy is gonna be difficult , I'm afraid .
D :  Thanks .
D :  Alright .
C :  Yep .
A :  Hmm .
C :  And as for
A :  Hmm .
C :  as for um well budgeting as well , if we're gonna have lots of different interchangeable
D :  I I just have my ear to the market , guys .
C :  components . Is this to the market ?
B :  Yeah , I mean basically we can make these things out of wood , titanium , plastic or rubber . I suppose rubber is the closest to spongy , yeah .
D :  Is spongiest , yeah . That would add
B :  I was thinking titanium myself .
C :  I was thinking titanium , I was thinking it's just I have been influenced by pictures of iPods , and they're also minimalist and shiny .
D :  Mm-hmm .
D :  They are and they they would fulfil the uh first um priority , which is fancy . I think many of us would associate those with fancy . Something else we could do is uh
D :  call it something that's fruit and veg
D :  oriented . We could call it uh
D :  The name .
A :  Are we talking about the device itself or the c or a cover for the device that would be an interchangeable cov cover as a separate
A :  product ?
D :  Well it would be uh a a very simple product that would have a spongy sleeve that would be interchangeable . So
A :  Perhaps perhaps that desi that particular suggestion needs to go back to management and perhaps go to another group to actually design as a separate product .
C :  Yeah , but it's kind of pointless , isn't it ?
C :  Yeah .
D :  That , you know , that might be
C :  Let's delegate .
A :  Wo would that be agreeable ?
D :  And then we could keep it titanium .
B :  Yeah . W w would it be helpful if um I described the components a bit , because I think it would give you um maybe bring this discussion back to Earth of what we can actually physically do .
C :  Yeah , maybe . Or
A :  Do you wanna be next or you want Kate to go next ?
C :  I think possibly it might be more useful if Kate went next .
A :  Okay , we'll move the
C :  Um
C :  You can even have them in different flavours as well . So that if you just wanna sit there and chew on the remote , it could be like pear flavour , yeah . Scratch and sniff .
D :  Yeah . Or s or smelly . Scratchy
D :  Uh well I was really thinking a lot about the I_ uh the iMac kind of gel gem tone . It's hot on the streets , guys .
B :  Right , well I I I think some of this um you're gonna be a little disappointed with some of the things I have to tell you , but I'm afraid this is the real world . So um
B :  I've been looking at the the basics of how these devices actually have to work in order to operate , and I've had some discussions with the ma manufacturing division , who have told me what's actually available , you know , what the current state of the art in components is , and some of the exciting new things they've got , but I'm not sure that it's quite what you want um . Now this isn't a very good overhead , but this is just to show you , this is the innards of a remote control um . I really need a pen or something but uh does my mouse work ? No . Um oh yeah , can you see my little mouse pointer ? Right . This is this is the a a a remote that's been opened up and that's the the back of the interface .
A :  Mm .
A :  Mm .
B :  And this is a push-button one , so you see these little little buttons here , they're little rubber rubber buttons that go through onto the the board at the back and they push these buttons here . Um and we that's the basic construction that we've got to got to accommodate . We got to have something that pushes the little buttons that um talk to the chip that encodes the message that sends the the message to the receiver .
B :  So um I wan I wanna go through not not just addressing the um uh the the points that you made , Sarah , but um doing my presentation in the order I wrote it . So first of all um I wanna talk about what possibilities we've got for the energy source . Um we can have your bog standard double double A_ batteries in a replaceable um little compartment .
B :  We can have a hand sorry a wind-up , yeah , which I think is quite an interesting concept for a sorry for a remote control , but i it maybe is doesn't quite go with the um the fruit and veg . Um one that one that I think is quite interesting is the kinetic energy source , where um you you actually get the energy by moving the device , which is quite a ni a nice and neat one . You have to it means that if it's sitting there for a long time it probably won't work , but you have to sort of throw it between your hands every now and then , it'll work . Or we we had talked about solar power , but I thing that we agreed that that's not so good in the dark .
C :  A wind-up .
D : 
A :  Alright .
A :  Remember , we only have forty minutes
D :  Mm .
A :  Hmm .
D :  Hmm .
A :  Mm .
B :  Now I'm afraid this is the options we've got on on the case . It can be made of plastic , rubber , wood o if you like , or titanium . Um and the nearest we've got to st to spongy there I guess is rubber , but um
D :  Hmm .
D :  Hmm .
B :  I'm gonna come back to the advantages of titanium , and basically it can have a flat surface , a curved surface or a double curved surface , but I think if we wanna use standard components , we're gonna have difficulty with anything much beyond that .
D :  Hmm .
B :  Okay , what does the interface look like ? Um well push button , that's that's the one we're all familiar with . Um we can have scroll buttons and the the scroll button can incorporate a push , so you can have it like on a mouse where you can use it to go up and down , change volume or channel or something like that and push to
A :  Hmm .
B :  select something . Um you can have multiple scroll buttons , um this is maybe getting a little bit complicated , but um it's it the technology is there . And we can also incorporate an L_C_D_ display in the remote , but this will increase the cost . Um the electronics that actually makes the device work , we've basically got three , simple , regular , advanced , and the price goes up as we choose each of this . If we want the nice cheap one , the simple , then we can only have push buttons . All the other fancy interface designs go out the window , I'm afraid . Um pay a little bit more for a regular chip and you can have scroll buttons . If you want the advanced chip it obviously costs more , but it that's what you need if you want the L_C_D_ display .
B :  And the manufacturing devision tell me that they have recently developed um sample sensor sample speaker devices . Now I don't know what that is , but I think they think it's quite important and we might want to incorporate it somewhere . Um ou our real expertise is in push buttons , I have to say , but maybe you think that's old technology . And well I I think we've got two options . We can either go for a really cheap model , keep all of the costs down , um which means a flat plastic case with an ordinary battery and simple push buttons . Or we can have something that looks a bit nicer , I think it , um won't necessarily l uh look like a pineapple , but um
D :  Mm .
B :  that may or may not be a good thing . Sorry . Um but it could have an L_C_D_ screen and it could have multiple scroll buttons , and it could have the the company's new development of the um sample sensor and speaker . So , thank you .
D :  That sounds good . Any idea you you mentioned that there would be a cost difference . Um do you have any idea if if this could if the fancy model could be done in twelve Euros fifty ?
B :  Yeah , I'm afraid I don't have that information available . Um
B :  manufacturing didn't actually give attach any prices to any of this , I'm afraid .
A :  Hmm .
D :  Hmm . Because , you know what , I'm being quite serious when I say that that um the things I mentioned are hot . But I think the important thing might be to choose one . You know , if if what you're telling me is is um some of these things aren't just f aren't feasible , maybe we could something about naming , we could call it , you know , Blackberry .
B :  Yeah mm-hmm .
D :  That's uh
C :  Bear bear in mind it has to be the colours and styles of the company , so what I had been thinking was something chunky and yellow and plastic with black buttons with a logo on it .
B :  Banana ?
D :  Alright , well let's see then .
C :  But um
C :  I I don't know how important that is to keep it exactly the colours of the Real Reaction company . It's just what I'd understood we'd be doing . That's before I heard about all this hot tips about the future , fruit-wise .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
D :  But yeah , I'm trying to streamline mine a little bit .
B :  We we could we could do um a double curved rubber one , which would allow um say a banana , but um unfortunately I see from my notes that if we do that , we have to have a push button as the interface , we can't do anything fancier .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Hmm .
C :  Shall we wait 'til I've 'til I've showed you what well , my extensive presentation on what sort of interfaces are available .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yep .
D :  Mm .
D :  Thank you , Kate .
A :  Thank you , Kate .
D :  Mm .
C :  You did seem to include just in more detail what I've got though . So so mine's a bit pointless .
C :  Right .
C :  F_N_ and F_ eight , did you say ?
A :  Yes .
A :  There we go .
C :  I don't have it on mine though .
D :  Oh I think um
D :  Florence resolved it by
B :  I If you do F_ uh F_N_ F_ eight again , it's it'll
A :  Do it again .
D :  F_ eight again .
A :  Keep doing it until you get it in both you get it there , you get it yours without that one , and then you get it with both .
B :  I think it yeah , you you will do an
C :  Should I do it again ?
D :  Maybe .
A :  Yeah .
A :  This time it should come up both .
C :  Right then . I don't actually have a huge amount of different information then what Kate says , just
A :  Okay .
C :  that my method was to look at the , well , my my inspirations , which was a big collection of lots of different models of remote controls and other things that use a similar sort of thing , including M_P_ three players , uh
A :  Mm-hmm .
C :  like you know , hi-fi remotes , not just television and these things . Uh having a think about the feature of ea the features of each ones ,
A :  Mm .
C :  um what functions we actually need , and then how to group and arrange these on the actual
C :  the actual plastic or rubber hand-held piece . Uh I've been especially interested in the iPod style scroll wheel , which
C :  Well , I couldn't find a the picture of the iPod w only linked to a web browser , so I couldn't copy and paste it , but it had a similar thing to this thing on the right . It has uh scroll wheels without without a display , but they they scroll like a computer mouse . So I was thinking that uh um a really simple
A :  Hmm .
B :  Hmm .
C :  a really simple interface with just a couple of scroll things on it um and then instead of a display the display could appear on the television screen .
C :  Like I guess an existing
C :  Sky or cable one does . Like , you know , you press enter and it comes up with what's showing on that channel at the moment , and you can do you can scroll along and it'll show you what's on in the next half hour , and you scroll up and you can see what's on the other channels while you're watching
C :  the same channel on the screen .
C :  Uh but I'm also equally taken with this chunky plastic kiddie remote ,
D :  Mm .
C :  um which is really nice and fun and good to hold and nice , big , easy buttons to press , but still quite simple and quite cost effective . So
C :  what seems kind of ideal for me would be to just have
C :  a fairly simple , uh not fancy but not totally minimalist , I mean just pretty simple plastic , probably , I was thinking , yellow and black , just because that's the company's colours , with very very few buttons , but that would correspond to a screen that would appear on the television screen , like , you know , just small along the bottom instead of instead of having the iPod style display screen on the actual remotes , which is far too expensive . And when you've got a screen sitting there in front of you , you might as well have it appearing uh on the screen in front of you , it doesn't obscure much of the actual picture you're watching .
B :  Hmm .
A :  Mm .
B :  Yeah .
C :  And so on that you can , just much in the same way as an existing Sky remote , scroll along , scroll up and down . And uh and I definitely support uh the use of plastic and or rubber . I mean titanium would be great , but I think it might be a bit too expensive and too kinda spacey . If we're k trying to keep it
B :  Yeah , I'd I'd certainly support that idea .
C :  colourful and slightly organic , then I think titanium's too
C :  futuristic .
B :  It's difficult to make fancy shapes in it as well , we can't for example have a double curved case in titanium unfortunately .
C :  Yeah .
C :  Whereas a plastic's so cheap and easy and mouldable and everything else .
D :  Hmm .
C :  Uh then
B :  And the the having the the the screen on the television screen I think is a good idea , 'cause um otherwise we're we're putting up the price not only for putting building the L_C_D_ in , but for the electronics as well .
C :  And it's a little bit pointless as well I think . Like when when when you've got when you've got the screen there , it doesn't have to be anything fancy , just a little menu showing yeah , a menu , you go into one menu and then it can have your different options , whether you wanna change the settings or the
D :  It's a duplication .
B :  There is that .
D :  Mm-hmm .
C :  you know , your information about programme that's on at the moment . I don't think that's to taxing to uh
C :  s engineer . Um .
C :  But as for actually arranging them let me go back to the
C :  to the picture of the kiddie one .
C :  And I quite like it , 'cause it's just smooth and hand-held and it's got these easily reachable buttons that quite nicely uh spaced out , so something a bit like that with
C :  buttons arranged in a
C :  kind of circle . Up , down , left , right .
D :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Do you want scroll buttons in that as well ?
C :  I I was thinking not actually scroll , like a like mouse scroll , but you know , a I can't quite d uh describe it . you see
C :  on the one on the right , down at the bottom , is the mouse . Yeah , see where the mouse is , like this s style thing where you c have up , down , left and right .
B :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Right .
C :  And enter in the middle , so you pick your menu and then your different options and when when you click on each one , it you can go into a new menu for that . I'm getting a bit uh specific here . Really we'd have to use something to show you , but
B :  Yeah . I think I think that's a g nice clean design , it's playing to our strengths which are in push button technology .
C :  If I don't think I can get it up on the screen . Ah here we go . Right .
D :  To uh m make it .
D :  Oh nice .
C :  Well , the iPod spinning wheel is uh really complicated . It does scroll , but it is hugely complicated . What else have we got ?
D :  Um Hmm .
A :  Huh .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Mm .
D :  Wow .
C :  Them , they're terrible . But they all have this this feature of this uh
C :  It's not quite a scroll wheel , but
A :  It's a selection wheel .
C :  it's a kind of selection in this circle , which I think is a really good idea .
B :  But we can implement it with simple push buttons , which is much cheaper .
C :  Yeah , like up , down , left and right .
C :  Which is good . And then and then
C :  Yeah , so I mean either a channel up and down , volume up and down ,
C :  next appearing programmes up and down , uh and then also when you get into the different menus on the screen , it's got your things like settings and contrast up and down . So all you really need is these four buttons with the enter in the middle .
A :  Okay .
A :  Okay .
C :  And that's it .
B :  In fact
C :  Look at look at this one .
B :  Oh that's really nice .
C :  Almost impossible to misplace or l or lose . Might take up your whole living room .
D :  Do you think with um
D :  It seems that that uh you guys are quite keen on the plastic , perhaps the something reminiscent of the child's remote . Do you think we could put it in a in a fruit colour ?
D :  And have it abstract . You know , we could call like a fruit name , but it would be a little more abstract .
C :  Possibly . Yeah .
B :  Hmm .
B :  Mm . We we could actually do it in rubber instead of plastic if you'd rather if you feel if you like the spongy
C :  That also is possible .
D :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Just
D :  I'm just just throwing out ideas .
A :  Or call it a or call it a banana and have it in yellow .
B :  Hmm .
D :  Yeah . I'm thinking maybe we need to be a little bit more abstract if the
D :  design constraints are so
A :  Okay .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Uh just something else I need to bring to your attention is have you have you seen these on a remote ? This is actually the volume up and down , but they both say V_ on them , which , when you first look at it , you expect that to be the down , because it looks like a downward pointing arrow , but it's actually the V_ to indicate that it's the volume , so
A :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Hmm .
D :  Mm-hmm .
C :  uh we do need to avoid little ambiguities like these .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Hmm .
D :  Nice . Good point .
C :  But we wouldn't have a specific volume up and down . If we're having the scroll wheel , then it's gonna double up as all the other up and down functions .
A :  Mm 'kay .
C :  But then , that's complicated .
A :  I wanna thank you all for all your presentations . We have about ten minutes left , in which time we have to make some decisions on the remote control concepts . Um and I think you all have been self-stimulating of working together . Um we need to come up with some specifics of the components , um the materials , things like making the decision on the energy um and the case and the interface type things . So let's
A :  Mm .
A :  Right .
A :  They want us to decide
A :  what form of energy are we going to use ,
A :  which the choices that we've discussed were pretty much battery , kinetic or solar .
A :  Um this is where Kate's expertise comes in , and our decision making will be a little bit guided by Kate at this point . The
A :  You were saying that the kinetic would be useful , that is you just have to move it some and you'd be able to use it um as opposed to a battery that you have to either put it in a recharger or um keep replacing the batteries . Um
A :  or solar that you'd have difficulty with it if it's a dark day , that it'll die on you , and no way to do it . That's the day you wanna use the T_V_ . Um so what's our pleasure here , what would be the cost consequences of each of the three ?
B :  Mm .
B :  Oh unfortunately I don't have costing information . I i in terms of workability , I I think the the two front-runners are the standard battery or the kinetic , but I'm sorry I don't figures on the difference in cost .
A :  Okay .
A :  Mm 'kay .
A :  What's the uh feelings of the group on the kinetic ?
D :  I've used kinetic in terms of watches and it's very very uh handy , you don't even notice
D :  um that it's there .
C :  It sounds great . I've never come across it before , but it sounds fantastic . Sounds like it could be g a really good economical it would make the whole thing a lot lighter , more convenient .
D :  It's
D :  Mm-hmm .
D :  It could tie in with the fanciful design as uh , you know , throw the banana , you know , just gotta keep it moving .
A :  Hmm .
A :  Hmm .
C :  Yeah . 'Cause it's really a quite attractive thought , isn't it ? It's like yeah , a good selling point .
A :  So the consensus seems to be use the kinetic if it's at all possible .
C :  But it does depend how much
A :  It costs .
C :  I mean how much it costs and how much more development and research it needs .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Mm .
B :  And and how much you do have to keep it moving , 'cause I'm conscious that watching T_V_ can be quite a sed sedentary activity .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Mm .
D :  Mm-hmm . But I could market that as a um as a a I was thinking actually a a cost saver down the road , in terms of battery , you know .
A :  Mm .
C :  Do your exercises while you're watching the T_V_ .
B :  Yeah .
B :  True , yeah , m more more environmentally friendly .
A :  Hmm .
C :  Yeah , that's what I was thinking as well .
D :  Mm-hmm . You know , kind of the
A :  Yeah .
A :  Thanks for the reminder for five minutes to finish , thanks . Um the next thing that they wanted us to do was look at chip on print as a decision .
B :  Oh right , okay , I'd that that's something I maybe should have covered . Um
B :  chip on print is just a manufacturing technique um and I would certainly recommend it , I think , because I'm not sure I have an alternative .
A :  Oh .
A :  Okay .
B :  I i it it's just the way that the the the uh th the way it's ac it's actually built and you you print onto the circuit board like you might print onto paper .
A :  What about the ca yeah . Oh , the way we uh-huh .
A :  Oh , okay .
A :  Um what about the case ?
A :  I think they're talking there about do we want wood , plastic , titanium or rubber , and I think we've discussed not having titanium . One , it's too expensive , um and second , it won't do this double um curves . Um we've sort of eliminated wood . We said plastic or rubber . What's the pleasure ?
B :  Well if if Sarah's keen on a spongy feel , the the rubber that we're talking about is the same as you have in those little stress balls , so it's yeah .
D :  That's exactly what I was thinking . I'm sold .
A :  What about you ?
C :  Do you not think it might need
C :  like a kind of
C :  a hard plastic inner shell with the actual delicate workings inside , and then a kind of spongy
D :  Mm .
D :  Kind of like an internal egg .
A :  Cover . Uh-huh .
C :  Yeah , s thick spongy cover , so it feels like the whole thing's spongy , but actually you're not damaging anything by squeezing it .
A :  Plastic inside .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Because I mean you could just get carried away with the with the tac
B :  Yeah . I'd I'd need to talk to manufacturing again about whether that's actually possible , but I agree , it's uh sounds like a nice idea if it is .
C :  Yeah . Well you do get a bit carried away with things that are tactile , you just wanna stroke them and squeeze them , and
A :  Hmm .
D :  And with sports on television .
A :  Okay .
D :  You know . I su
A :  Um the next part they want is the user interface concept . I'm sorry to push you , but we only have a couple minutes to finish with .
B :  I should I should r
D :  Then I'll just say I support either from a marketing point of view I support either decision that the designers make on that .
A :  Okay , and it says interface . What type and what supplements ?
C :  Just copy the one on the left . No um a scroll
C :  Well , like four buttons , up , down , left and right with enter in the middle , that will correspond to a menu on the screen .
B :  Which I think technically is just push button and uh I'd certainly support that that that brings the cost down quite a lot and it's something that we're an ex the company's an expert on .
C :  Yeah , I'd like push buttons with
C :  So push buttons
A :  Okay , um
A :  that's that .
A :  Um this is gonna sound weird , but the next meeting starts in thirty minutes . Whew . And they actually want a look and feel design , user interface design , you can look and see this as well as I can . Marketing they want product evaluation . Oh . Oh my , I'm sorry .
C :  No , it's still it's still plugged in on mine actually .
D :  No we can't , actually .
D :  That's why I was looking over your shoulder
A :  Oh , okay . Sorry about that . missed that one .
A :  This ought to be fun trying to get this thing to work . Ah , ta-da .
C :  Now it's gone again .
A :  Ah .
B :  You know , I think the the company's s next project should to design a better overhead device that switches immediately .
A :  Yes , because I can't even see mine . Next meeting starts in thirty minutes , these are the individual actions . Yeah , right . Um the look and feel design is for Kate , uh Steph gets the user interface design , you get product evaluation . Um the two of you get to play with a Pla modelling clay um to do a prototype . Uh and everybody gets individual instructions in the usual way . Anything else we need to do ?
C :  Oh yes .
D :  Mm .
C :  Great .
D :  Sounds good .
C :  I don't think so .
A :  Go to it .
C :  Play-Doh .
A :  And that's the end of this meeting .
A :  That's for her benefit .
D :  That's really all I got , guys .
