D :  Sixteen times zero .
B :  I'm not a hundred percent sure , but I'm not having crashes at the moment . So what I'm having is so we we had a we had a long problem about not finding out why the time synching up between the relative time in in a in a sort of in a in a summarised section and the absolute time didn't correspond and stuff , and we found it was some stupid well , at the moment our best guess is that it was some stupid Java thing about if you if you actually if you have two objects and you say object if you say A_ equals B_ , they actually reference to the same thing . So any changes you make to one are made to the other , and if you do that around five corners , you lose track of it and you suddenly wonder why that value is zero . And it turns out it is zero because it's the same thing that you anyway uh So we figured out it's interesting , why don't I have a screen here now actually that's new , but that's okay . It's doing different things all the time . Like this is the first time that actually the but uh uh that should be okay that should be okay . I'll I'll be able to
A :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , but last time I pressed that key combination , everything went wrong , and I think I'll be able to do it just fine on the screen . So that'll probably keep me from pointing on my screen , which I usually it might just be at this point . Like there's sometimes a point to loading , not usually that long . Well , let's see . Anyway , so n uh let's just see what happens .
B :  In the end we did get it working before .
B :  Oh see I get Yeah . Yeah .
B :  Ah , so now I'm having a complete mess of like split
B :  split screens and stuff . I think last time yes , but that's not what we want , is it ? So but I think if I this is a log out command and usually it resets this Amazing strange colour combinations I see in front of me at the moment .
B :  Yeah , we somehow always get it working , but in different ways every time . Um
B :  So that kept us like basically from doing anything else product qu for quite some time in the last days because we were um hunting down that stupid error . I got it fixed in the last whatever one hour or something , but so at the moment the program is sort of in between working and not working because we've done lots of changes to what the error was . Dave , I think actually that the summary at the current moment isn't working a hundred percent correct . But that could be because of the input data . It seems to just take the first utterances more or less .
D :  Does it ? I have to check that out .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Like if you if you first if you read through the summaries , they read suspiciously fluent , like as in people's questions and answers . And then if you plot them on the screen where where they are at the moment , they seem to o
D :  Hmm .
D :  It depends which data you use as well because um if you use the data where they're all really high , it does prefer ones from the beginning because it just picks the first ones it finds .
B :  Yes . So maybe that's where the problem is coming from .
D :  But I'll check it out anyway .
B :  Yeah . Um
B :  So this is when you start shifting around your laptop to think that it gets somehow less sloped on the screen . Um
B :  So I'm not really sure what this meeting is about to be honest . Um I'm I'm gonna show this , just what we have at the moment but it not gonna look very different from what we had last time . Don't ask him what happened to the promise that you'll get your script where you can use your own stuff because actually that was sort of ready but then we sort started trying to get something more working and then we got into big problems . So at the moment I mean again we should be at a state where people can load their own sc okay .
D :  Yeah . I've got time now . Like um for the next couple of days I'll do some on it , 'cause I was just too busy last week .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Thing is a at the moment it's just really bad for me . But from Monday on I can just do twenty four seven for this one until it until it's due . But until Monday it's gonna be really bad . Like I can probably help people if they have problems with getting getting what we have running now . But
B :  Okay .
B :  So I'll just start it up what we have now and then we can talk about what different people have and stuff .
D :  What's that that's creeping over the other screen ?
E :  I know . Doesn't look great , does it ?
B :  Huh ?
B :  Eek .
B :  Yeah , it doesn't .
B :  But sometimes you have to take whatever you get and then just see how far that gets you .
D :  That's really weird 'cause it's just started creeping over .
A :  Yeah , uh so let's perhaps uh in the meantime talk about the um um numbers we assign to the dialogue acts because um yeah , I didn't know that you left out those who don't have words . So I just extracted the actual dialogue numbers , and the problem is um it's perhaps more um dangerous to get mistaken with all those numbers and not knowing why things happen if we just devote numbers and n make new uh n n
E :  Uh-uh .
D :  Um well as long as the two correspond then it's fine .
A :  Yeah sure , but I mean for all those measures that are based on words um I can automatically just throw those where it's nothing . But um those dialogues acts um like thirty three in in the first meeting , um they have a duration , even though they don't have a word . Um so for my earl other measures I I get them and I don't I mean I would have to look for every single write a programme that looks for everything a number and does the mapping for that .
E :  Mm .
D :  Oh right , I see .
D :  Okay . So would it be would it be easier if there's a reference file with the actual real I_D_ and the corresponding number ? So
A :  Yes .
E :  Yeah there is there's index files already . Yeah .
D :  is there some already ?
A :  Why is that ?
E :  Yeah , in the raw text index directory .
A :  Mm-hmm .
E :  Yeah , and it uh allows you to map between the different I_D_s .
D :  So would that solve the problem basically ?
A :  Yeah , I just wanted to uh um why do you think it's necessary at all to do that ?
D :  Because the whole programme works on them being numbered at the moment .
A :  Yeah , and it's a problem if there's no
D :  Um it'd be a lot of word for really no extra p feature gain at all .
A :  But actually I think there is something in the audio , shouldn't there ? If there's um even though there's not a word , I think in the audio there will be something at that point because it has a duration .
D :  Or do you think it could appear in the summary ?
A :  Hmm ?
D :  Well if it's something in the audio that's just like a noise , then we don't want it .
E :  Yeah , I guess . 'Cause we can't show it in the display . Yeah , they've been cut out the ones that don't have any words .
A :  So d you cut it out .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
E :  Suppose .
B :  But would that not happen at some sorry , I'm jum jumping in . Would that not happen at summarisation anyway even if they're in the w like with the ones that have no words and then not have really low information density or something ?
E :  Huh .
D :  I don't I don't know . You 'cause the thing is it depends if we want to have it display the whole thing at once .
B :  Hmm .
B :  'Cause you'd reckon that you could leave them in and they would never show up in a summary anyway .
D :  If you left them in hopefully it wouldn't affect the way the programme works .
A :  Yeah , I mean but why do you have a special for those ? It's just
E :  No , I guess not .
D :  Well I don't in the programme , it's just they're not in the raw text files .
E :  Hmm . That's just 'cause they would have a blank line in it . Seems a bit stupid . But I can fit 'em back in if
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , uh I mean it's just a question I wanted to raise .
D :  Well either way .
E :  Yeah .
D :  Either way is fine by me as long as the two wo things um tie up . As far as I'm concerned it doesn't really matter whether those are in or out .
B :  We wouldn't you think that if we just write the programme the way that even in the p way that it displays everything , it still leaves those out . Like if we those a special information density I_D_ , or if you just put a spe yeah , something like that . And then just make sure that summary even in the in the most summarised mode just never puts them in .
D :  No , minus one or something .
D :  Yeah , certainly possible .
C :  It might be a problem for me at the stage right now because I based everything on not having those um
B :  Hmm .
D :  Actually yeah , 'cause the T_F_I_D_F_ wouldn't make any sense with
E :  Yeah , it's a cer uh
C :  Yeah .
E :  Yeah , my topic segmenter doesn't like blank lines either .
C :  Uh what I also
D :  So maybe we should just omit them then .
C :  Yeah , what I also did was having two people um annotate the first meeting , and so they didn't annotate the n n uh uh the spaces and everything would mess up . I think if I had spaces for the um new values so when I went to do correlation it wouldn't work anymore . So I don't know .
E :  Mm .
D :  Okay , so maybe we should leave them out then .
B :  'Kay , shall we take a quick look at the current sys
A :  Oh okay s
C :  Oh what I could do is um work um further with um what I've got now and then just when I have my um um yeah , the final formula ready , I could uh t apply to the new stuff . That would be okay .
A :  So um by how did you assign the dialogue act number ? Did you take the one you found in the in the um X_M_L_ file and just , know , put it there ? Or did you
C :  Um
C :  No , my um yeah , what my um T_F_I_D_F_ is based on Colin's data . So
B :  Sorry .
C :  um I end up with the same . Yeah .
D :  Oh , it's the bar is working now .
A :  Okay . Okay , you end up with . Okay .
B :  Yeah , it is actually . It is it is jumping now . Sorry .
E :  Oh yeah , cool .
E :  Yeah another uh sh issue was that
D :  Oh , so the summary is probably okay 'cause it does the job .
B :  Yeah , it did s it did summarise just now . It's just it's summarising stupidly , but at least it's jumping . Shall
D :  Yeah .
C :  Is it still the old old T_F_I_D_F_ ? Oh , okay .
B :  Yes , and in fact at the moment I don't even know which of the two I'm summarising over . Do you know y are w are we um so at the moment the configuration is that word importance file is test three and T_D_I_D_F_ file is test two . I've just I've just switched them around . So I have no clue what we're actually doing at the moment .
D :  Oh , I can't remember which one it is at the moment .
E :  Hmm .
D :  Yep , that that those names are mislead well the T_F_I_D_F_ is fine , but word importance is completely misleading , it's not word importance at all .
B :  Yeah , especially since I've just especially s since I've just switched them around anyway . But that's okay . I by the way , I read a paper which makes an important point about combining two things of that type . Um that's basically it's it's t going on about this fancy called geometric mean , which effectively just means multiplying them . But I I have some good f information about different ways how you can sort of weight two different factors , because it's uh like it it's for something very similar . Somebody would try to solve a very similar problem where they also had two factors sort of and they want to weigh them together . And there is like a good justifiable reason um why we should do in a certain way and how we can then with a simple parameter adjust how much one weighs and how much the other weighs . So there is something for just for putting them together in a relatively simple way , but still a way that we can sort of justify .
A :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Um and we can quote stuff on that . Yeah sure , we hmm ? No , it's multiplying them and and like putting them one over the power of something and the other over minus one one minus the power of something , and that's sort of and they they've plotted some graphs about like where they show f like one going from zero to the one and the other going zero to one and like how the how the landscape changes and how i the parameter changes , how it works . So it's quite good . Um so that's probably seeing that we're probably not gonna go into any whatever base blah blah blah Markov model blah blah blah about f combining them , um that's probably what we go at . Now this is still not ideal at the moment , Dave . It's it's sort of it's overrunning the f like it so okay , so at the moment we're that far that if I now click onto a segment , hits
D :  Is it very complex or is it r oh , just multiplying together . To a power . Yeah . I've seen that before .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , I've seen that before actually .
A :  No .
E :  Hmm .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Ah , it's still working like it should do .
E :  Hmm .
B :  Yeah , it's just wait , sorry , I just re-sized it a bit . Yeah , so it's j like the values are sort of hard-coded for the screen sizes in DICE and my screen's smaller .
A :  Who has that going ?
B :  So let's see , I was a stupid user and was clicking on this segment . We probably have to make the segment lines a lot bigger . So then I h I did I get a new summarisation ? Yeah , I didn't actually see . So let me check a different one . Yeah , so you see it's a different text . And you see it it's running through it . And also you see the indicator in where we are is jumping . So it's it's skipping stuff . Now I don't think the summary at the moment is what we wanted to be seeing the words like oh and mm and exactly , exactly , right , sure . This seems probably sh this is again probably the opposite of what we want . So it's probably some value that you have to like divide by one uh one divide by the value of something . But
D :  Yeah .
D :  So it did work .
A :  Yeah .
E :  Oh yeah .
A :  Mm .
D :  Yeah , that that is ancient data though . So
D :  Having said that , it's picking out some interesting stuff . Like we're looking at atlas , you'd expect to score quite high .
B :  Yes , but also every other word in that sentence we should look at are probably in your list of fifty like list of all important words in the universe . So Yes , but it's probably just because if you look at the other one , like this is just their best sentence for like having function words in a row sort of and every o other I mean this one is sort of the developing a big infrastructure . So maybe it's just doing it randomly at the moment . I don't know . But we have some summary working and that's a good basis to start from . If I promise now that you'll get something where you can put your own data and that's sort of ringing a bit hollow .
D :  Yeah , maybe , but atlas , you'd have thought it'd be quite high .
E :  Huh .
D :  I'm just quite surprised it all actually worked , because I've been working it we've been working on like incomplete versions that haven't worked for a long time , and like to see it all come together .
B :  Yeah . Yeah , uh still it's uh it it's might be having some problem . I think this one over-ran just before . So we might still have some problem here that it's not stopping at the end , but so Dave , can you make the promise even I'm not making the promise realistically that the girls will very soon get
E :  Hmm .
D :  Yeah , I'll do the first thing I'll do is make a load box for selecting a file
B :  Okay , yeah .
D :  and a script that sets the class path so it can be run with just a script . So p class path is like this long .
B :  Yeah . S
B :  S so at the moment I've hard-coded it to just um taking one tenth of the number of utterances which were in the original selection .
D :  But we'll have parameter for that . Yeah .
B :  Yeah . It actually it gives you an error if you put it to twenty , because there's some things in there which are shorter than twenty . And if you select those than it's having an
D :  And twenty . Yeah , we need to add some sanity checking in some of the stuff .
B :  Yeah . But I think like a b a proportional one is probably not bad idea , that's bl I mean an an absolute length is sort of a bit strange because that means that some utterances will not be changed in length . I know but we had that discussion before and I'm confused myself about what I think about it . So the fact that this is going on beyond that green line here is something that's not ideal , but that's something we have to sort out . But this is working in general . Does anyone have a general overview over the whole time issue , like as in what date is it today , what date do we have to have this presented , what day of the week is that and issues like that . So the presentation is now sh two weeks from today . 'Kay . One week from today I shall hear the freedom ring from the hills and and everything and shall then throw myself into new slavery .
D :  Yeah .
E :  Hmm .
A :  Presentation is exactly in two weeks .
E :  Yeah .
A :  Um uh and re I think we should start to think about evaluation by now . I mean if you want to have some people
D :  But we don't we don't need it evaluated for the presentation , do we .
A :  Yeah , but it's just uh three days between the presentation and the yeah .
E :  But yeah .
D :  Is it ? Oh , 'cause it was moved back , wasn't it . Yeah .
B :  Ah . No really ? And the report .
E :  Yeah . So yeah , I don't know if we're gon
C :  Hmm .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
D :  I can rope people in to to doing it , a few people at least .
E :  Do you think we're gonna have time ?
A :  Yeah , I think we should ha take the time because I think it will be
D :  As long as we design it as long as we design it before-hand , uh I think we can probably manage to actually do it in the three days after .
E :  Is it not is it not only two days anyway ?
D :  You're talking about the user evaluation .
A :  But we'll also have to write the the thing in that time .
B :  Writing the report won't be so bad ? How long is it expected to be ?
A :  I don't know . But it's fifty percent of the mark .
B :  I know , but uh if everyone like if everyone is managing three pages for their bit , then that's gonna be that that's a big report then .
A :  No .
B :  And stuff . So Yeah , but evaluation . Ah .
D :  We should probably write some user documentation 'cause I bet that will get us marks .
C :  Yeah .
B :  You think ?
D :  Yeah , they'd love that kind of stuff . Just we'll just write , you know , little help files or something .
A :  Yeah .
C :  I think so too .
B :  We should probably inquire about that or like integrate tool tips that would be visible .
D :  Yeah .
E :  Yeah , that'd probably be quite good .
E :  Yeah , I've got a basic search working now . It's g it's got a user interface . So yeah . No .
D :  Have you Java doc ed it ?
D :  And also where is it ?
E :  Uh I'm still in my directory , but I I can put it in your directory .
D :  Okay , 'cause the code version in the group directory is not the right one . Yeah .
E :  Yeah yeah , I've I've not been using that . Yeah . Yeah , I've just been taking the the class files from your directory .
D :  Okay .
B :  Having said that , Dave , we could probably w like if we want , we could probably go back to the c um to the group directory and just use this trick . It really seems to be all about starting in the directory . But I mean if if the two of us are just working on it it doesn't make a difference 'cause I've already mounted your directory now . So And probably
D :  In directory , yeah .
D :  Okay . Well we should wait till we have it ready for um you guys to use . Then we'll put it back in the group directory .
B :  Mm .
D :  So I'll try and do that today . 'Cause I've got time today . And as long as I don't run into problems I don't see it taking too long .
C :  How about the summarisation again , you wanted to base it on sentence length as well , and I've got a sentence length incorporated into my importance measure at the moment . So
D :  Well in that case it it's probably just I mean that's probably fine . I mean
C :  Okay . But if we do it twice , it wouldn't make too much sense . Don't know how exactly we will want to implement your
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , it would buy us something .
D :  I'm not sure how much should be done in the programme because uh
D :  I don't know . I think it should probably be done off-line ,
B :  What ?
D :  the basic uh combining of all the factors .
B :  Well if it's just multiplying to numbers , it can be done in the programme 'cause then we can um because what we could do is have a slide bar where we can adjust this value . Actually if you can figure out a way like how basically a general way because there's at least two points at which we are interested in that . How we can just have a slide bar which we can read and write to , which is in a frame of that type . That would be good . It shouldn't be difficult , should it ? I mean should just be
D :  Yeah yeah , sure .
D :  Hopefully we can take over that right one 'cause we don't need it . That'd be quite nice .
B :  Yeah , but it might be more diffi uh let's see , it you could if you're lucky , you probably have just to extend that class and then you can work with that value , but if you're unlucky it might be quicker to just write a very simple string component which is just the s just a bar .
D :  I bet you can just uh just add it to the um panel . Like what I bet that's a pre-made Swing component , that little slider , and all you do is add it to a panel .
B :  Yeah yeah , yeah . So because we'd basically it would be good to have two different ones to play around with , one for controlling the length of the summary , and another one for
B :  um for the merging factor , if we do it that way with the CHI metric .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Can you send me a link to that paper so that I'll implement that in summarizer .
B :  Yeah , yeah . It's it's just a single formula effectively , yeah . Um how is the audio thing going ? Is that you've probably not had time to work on that .
D :  Oh , no I've not looked at it . Yeah , like last week I just not done anything . But can't see it taking long again .
B :  'Kay , it seems that at the moment a lot of the stuff that has to be done at sort of at the moment I'm saying oh Dave , can you do that . So that's not ideal .
D :  But to be honest , I did like nothing really on it last week . So And I've got time today , tomorrow and probably Friday . So
B :  Oh .
B :  Okay .
B :  'Cause I think I mean the audio is a v in the end the audio is a very important component of it . Just because it's it's gonna look stupid if we have everything working but just if
D :  Mm-hmm .
D :  It's just annoying because I need to do that on a DICE machine . So I can't get them to compile under Windows .
B :  The speech tools .
D :  Yeah . And um most the DICE machines don't have working sound cards . So
B :  Hmm . Is there any way for X_ forwarding sound ?
D :  No idea .
B :  'Cause that would be sort of the nice way to sit at home and have it forward the sound at the lowest bit rate to you . I mean seeing that it's over broad-band it's forwarding the graphics quite okay , it would probably like broad-band-wise , band-width-wise , probably work out .
D :  Yeah .
D :  I'm not sure how it if it if it can do sound or not . I've no idea .
B :  But it's probably not and uh not a simple thing .
D :  But like what I can do is um
D :  I I'm pretty confident that it'll just be writing a script and it will just go . And as long as I can test the script like once and it's working fine , I can just make it return dummy stuff so it works on other machines .
B :  Hmm .
B :  Y are you not creating files anywhere , like sort of real files ? So that you can do on a DICE machine independent of w
D :  Yes . So
D :  Oh actually , I know what I can do . I can then
D :  I can change the script . So if I'm using my one at home , I can just add S_S_H_ stuff in to ev evoke the sound tools on the uh on DICE and then copy 'em back .
B :  Yeah . One problem with S_S_H_ ing in general is that the machine that like on the only gateway machines , they hate you for doing anything on them . And there's no simple way , at least I haven't found one to directly in in a single step sort of S_S_H_ and then S_S_H_ again .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Hmm .
B :  Well actually I guess if you put S_S_H_ and you know c you can give a command outright after with S_S_H_ . So if that c command is S_S_H_ again and if you that would require that you have all your key files set correctly , which I haven't , because it always fucks up on my system . Maybe if you get that working , then you should be able to directly go into another machine .
D :  Yeah .
D :  I'm sure I can figure out some way to do it anyway .
B :  Uh
B :  Yeah .
D :  If it comes to it , I'll just um install NetBeans and stuff on my Linux machine and work on that .
B :  Yeah . 'Cause a p a primitive version of the sound to have relatively soon would be good . I think
D :  Well that to be honest there won't be a primitive in between stage . just it'll just work hopefully . In theory at least anyway .
B :  Ok okay . Okay . Okay . Okay . Okay , good . So to come back to the problem we had before , so the reason why the summary didn't work well in the last one and works well now is because based on the bottom data the data is so homogeneously high in its imp importance rating that it just sort of then , everything else being equal , it took the first ones more or less . But now it's working better because now it's on a much more evenly distributed
E :  Hmm .
D :  I wonder if we should um do something like dropping the bottom third , then re-mapping the lowest remaining one to zero and scaling it like that 'cause you get a much nicer distribution like that .
B :  Well
B :  The most professional way of doing it would be to map them according to the standard deviation 'cause that way it au would automatically always that's sort of like it it's the problem is it's more calculation expensive and slightly more complicated even though it's actually like in terms of calculation it's not much heavier . But like you know generally about standard deviation ?
D :  Um I've not used it to do that before , but
B :  Yeah , it's it's a g it's a very simple simple formu it's basically just whatever , the average of r mean square differences from the mean or something , which the problem with it is that generally you first have to get the mean and only t only once you have the mean you know what
D :  Yeah .
D :  There is a way of calculating it um yeah , well calculating it cumulatively , but I can't remember it .
B :  In one go ? Yeah , I've derived that I've derived that myself . Like I didn't find it so I did it myself and it took me a day with the formula . But then I'm slow at maths . So the the good thing about that would be that if you simply say that whatever , one standard deviation below the mean is zero and one standard deviation above the mean is one or two standard deviations or something , then whatever the data is like , it would always normalise .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , that's probably quite a good idea .
B :  Yeah , it's it's not the simplest . But that like that's the most professional way I can think about it . Y that would indirectly also drop stuff . I mean that would drop whatever is below or above . So if you find that formula , that would be good . Otherwise I can see if I can still understand , like I did it in my programme . It's uh it's really stupid . Like the standard standard deviation formula just requires you to have the mean initially , and that makes some things exactly twice as computationally expensive , and there is a way of doing it cumula cumulatively .
D :  Yeah . Yeah , that's probably quite sensible .
D :  Yeah , I can't remember it off-hand , but I know there is one .
B :  Hmm .
B :  So yeah , so that's one possible way of doing that .
B :  So the
D :  But it could be it could be fine , I mean running over the data twice probably is okay . Yeah .
B :  And that's just in the loading stage , right ? Yeah , that should actually be fine , especially in the worst case we just introduce a small hour glass . But anyway , we only we only gonna present this once and we can probably just like sort of start it up before the presentation starts . So if we shouldn't at all be worried about it's actually it's quite beautiful , it's like if you b want a programme only to run once and only a part of it , you don't worry if it crashes afterwards , if it wastes all the resources , if it formats the hard disk in the end . Anyway , I'm rambling on . Um
E :  Yeah .
D :  Mm .
D :  Yeah , never closes the process when he does it now . They used to not um close the process when you click the cross .
B :  No , it does not it does not if y I changed it . I just
E :  Hmm .
B :  So You would forget that that means that you would start it fifteen times over and have fifteen zombies running . Um
B :  does anyone know anything about which DICE machines have sound cards and how to find them ? 'Cause the thing is we can like this at the moment wor is working because it has a sound card . The interesting thing is that because it's structure of this , it isn't enough to just say well if you don't have a sound card , you don't have sound . At least I think that's what I remember our problem was , that
A :  No .
D :  Yeah , it refuses to r load the clock for some reason . I don't know why .
B :  Yeah . No . So I've worked around that there is ways I think to get around it , but the problem is
A :  Mm-hmm .
B :  So you b you basically we have to we have to have two code versions then , one for sound card and one for non sound card machines to test it on . Um because it you have to change all sorts of other things if you don't have a sound card . So there isn't a simple way to just tell which ones the sound card machines are and just to use sound card machines is there .
A :  Uh that really yeah , that makes it really quite difficult for us if we want to test our stuff the first have to fight for our computers without cards .
B :  No , but I guess I mean if you just if you trust in Dave's summary for the audio , just putting all these things into sound then , then having a written summary
A :  Yeah , sure . I mean I yeah yeah , I I just care for the written one . Does that work without the sound cards ? Okay .
D :  Yeah , you still you st yeah , you still get the written one and the display . The only thing you don't get is the clock .
B :  Yeah , yeah . So the yeah . Yeah . So I think , Dave , really the easiest way is if you just make a sound card and a non sound card version of it . Because
A :  Okay , yeah .
D :  I don't think we should bother 'cause we'll run it on a sound card version .
B :  Yeah , but then that means that the girls can't test it . That's the problem . Like
D :  Th yes they can . All that happens is it refuses to load load the clock . You still get the display in the summary .
C :  We can .
B :  Yes , but without the clock you don't have well actually you're right , it doesn't like f it doesn't strictly have to do any movement in it , yeah .
D :  So the , yeah , the move uh but you can still click on the segments and that'll still work , won't it ?
B :  Yeah , but we have to comment stuff out for that , I think . Like at the moment if you click on a segment , it automatically sets the whole clock thing going and stuff . So we have to comment out stuff . So that's what I'm saying , that there is we could make it that a flag , couldn't we ? We could just make that uh like a run-time flag and then make a few ifs and say if
D :  Okay . Yeah .
D :  Um , oh there must be a way of detecting whether the clock's loaded . Like in fact there there is . You can try and set something on the clock and use try and catch , and then if you catch the exceptions set the flag .
B :  Yes , the p there is .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah . So anyway , so that's something we should probably do in one way or another because it seems just that the overwhelming majority of DICE machines don't have sound card .
E :  Hmm .
A :  Hmm .
A :  Okay , do you want to have a look at the agreement and disagreement data that I worked on last week ? Or do we have anything more on this ?
B :  No , nothing c much to talk about this . So apart from like uh a search box and the similarity thing f once that kicks off , w which is gonna be horrible , but um this is more or less in the end , like this is very similar to what our product will look like in the end , seeing that realistically with the given time frame we're not gonna do amazing new things from now on . So I mean we'll hopefully be able t
E :  Hmm .
A :  Yeah .
A :  M perhaps my list of agreements . Perhaps my list of agreements somewhere .
B :  Huh ?
B :  List of agreements ?
A :  Yeah , if we find them good enough
D :  We could put those on display .
B :  Okay , yeah .
A :  We wanted to provide um that in an extra list saying probably agreement .
B :  Okay .
D :  Instead of a list , what about putting it in the display ?
B :  Uh yeah , I think it would be good Dave's right . It could be good in the display to annotate them in the display if we can . Yeah , we could just make
A :  Yeah , for example . Yeah .
D :  Can you click on a point in time in display and jump to there yet ?
B :  Not just yet , but that should that's actually that's probably the only I can say I can do this week because that should be I mean I'll do it in an inefficient way . I'll effectively sort of go through all the segments and check if they're clicked on . But I think , Dave , what we should do is that th uh the time click of the clock , I think that's changeable . And I think we should probably increase that . Because at the moment it's zero point one seconds and that's just there is actually there are some background noise when it's working and I think that is because it's like doing so much every time .
D :  Okay .
D :  'Cause that'd be pretty good .
D :  No , I don't get that on my machine .
B :  Yeah , it's probably because you d I'm not sure if you have the version where the display yet , where the display is actually updating up here when it's moving on . So I mean yes , it is because my display is programmed inefficiently . But I think with the t given time constraints it's probably easier instead of making a very efficient display code to just make the time make the clock whatever , zero point five seconds or something . Do you want the monitor ?
D :  No , I don't . No .
D :  Okay .
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  As long as you can skip more accurately than the time steps , that's fine . 'Cause otherwise you might risk cutting bits off .
B :  If I can skip more accurately , then
D :  Like if you want to jump to a point , you need to be able to jump more accurately than half second . By half second you'll miss words .
B :  Uh you're
C :  Are we still with that idea that we want to display bars for the individual speakers ? Okay . And also displaying the speakers before an utterance .
D :  Yeah , I think so .
A :  Hmm . It's a bit small , but I don't know why that is . Hmm . Strange .
C :  Okay .
D :  Oh yeah , I can yeah , I can do that .
B :  That's probably because it's coming from my resolution and it's you have a much higher resolution . So
A :  Yeah , perhaps p because it's wide screen or something . Yeah . But um okay , what you see here um in this part is uh ? No mouse , yeah . There it is , yeah . Here is um a list of the uh um most important or , yeah , most probable words that occur in agreement . Um so the number in the first brackets is um so I run it on all the B_E_D_ , B_M_R_ and B_R_O_ meetings to learn it . Um so uh the number in the first brackets is how often it occurred in the um utterances that were annotated as agreements by the uh dialogue act agreement .
A :  Um and the number in the second brackets is how much it occurred in the rest . And um the first number in every line is um how much more often that is per same um same text length . So um the num uh the words that uh it gives it are look quite good , I think . It's um , yeah , exciting , perfect , true , interesting , exactly , correct , super and so on . Um and then I ran it on the first meeting , getting um the so what's in the in the brackets in this window here is the utterances . Um and the moment it can't make any differences betwe I mean you get the same value for every utterance that is exactly or every utterance that is sure .
A :  And um for the longer utterances I just um look how often um one of these words is in there and simply add it up . So that should in principle favour longer utterances . Um and , yeah , and so these numbers here , um one or zero , these here , um that's um
A :  um the dialogue act labels whether it's um um if they're annotated as agreement , they're not zero here . So here um for those who get a v that get a very high score , um they're mostly no not zero , and some of those who are zero are o are still very good . Like I I definitely agree um it's a nice kind of agreement that we probably want to have .
A :  Um and when you get further down , yeah , you see those with very low prob um score also have um no agreements . Here they are . a lot of zeros .
B :  Again I think that's probably a good part if we had a slide b um bar initially where we could dynamically adapt the threshold of what we yeah , so maybe it's just like maybe b it's just good to have like some generic component with three slide bars or something where we can relatively easily add a fourth one or something , you know , and just like sort of all our fiddle factors . Um because
D :  Of what we display , yeah .
D :  Yeah . Yeah .
D :  Obviously we'll hide that in the presentation .
B :  Uh well it depends , we we could like in some cases we could put it as a feature and say , you know , you can dynamically
A :  Yeah .
D :  But we don't want I don't think we want to have exposed to the user doing things like adding the threshold of which agreements we display .
B :  like
B :  We wouldn't call it threshold , we would sort of like the granularity of decision or something like it . So and , yeah , and every and everything above that threshold I could then add the utterance where it occurs , just put a certain graphical item , like a handshake or something cool . Yeah , right .
E :  Hmm .
D :  Decision .
A :  Yeah . Yeah . Right . So it looks quite good , I think . Um so that's what I got for agreement . Then for disagreement I did also , but um it's a bit more difficult because there's so little disagreement . Yeah , so there you s again see the list . But it's much shorter and it's mu much worse . Smilies .
D :  Yeah , they uh that does look quite promising , doesn't it .
E :  Hmm .
B :  Mm .
D :  So you can have happy faces and angry faces .
B :  Yes , I was j it I was just thinking the same , like it's it's so tempting , like we we'll we'll have yellow we'll have yellow smilies and yellow angry faces . Ah , beautiful .
A :  Um that is um here at the list of utterances it um gets us for the first meeting .
B :  Didn't somebody say that actually like a lot of agreements have have actual words which should suggest disagreement like ?
A :  Yeah , I mean I think perhaps that's why we have but uh rated so high here .
D :  Yeah , yeah . That makes sense . So can you um
A :  Or think . I think . Uh yeah . Think is also rated higher in the non-agreement than in the agreement . I mean there is some funny things .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
D :  So will that produce basically an agreement and a disagreement score for every dialogue act ?
A :  Um yes . Yeah , that's effectively what I'm getting here .
D :  So could you put them in the same format as the other data ? And I'll make us t to read it in .
A :  Yeah , it's just I mean it's it's exactly this thing , but just I would I would just have to re-scale this factor here . And I mean this is the dialogue act number . So
D :  Oh right , okay . So I could probably I could probably read it from uh that file already .
A :  Yeah , I can just give it to you in the format you want . So it w it will just k
D :  My preferred would be dialogue act number , then you can put both the scores in one file . You can put both the scores in one file if it makes it easier .
A :  And then score , yeah , it this was just for showing it . Huh ?
B :  If they're corresponding ea for each thing , yeah , they should be right . So for each utterance you have one agreement and one disagreement score .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Agreement and one disagreement .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Uh something like it .
A :  Okay .
D :  So I'll read that into um I'll make it part of the get measure thing . So you can just get it with a flag
D :  using get measure .
B :  Okay , yeah . The one where we current
D :  So you know how zero is T_F_I_D_F_ . One is um the well I've called it word importance , but that's a really m misleading name .
B :  Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . You know what , if you can if you introduce um like a sort of a static , what's it called , public static int . So basically a constant like that's Java's type of a constant , and give them names , like so zero T_D_I_D_F_ , one that probably makes the code a lot more readable for everybody who's playing around with it . You know you know what I mean ? So just like whatever , three means agreement value , and then I'd just write something agreement , and then it's easier to understand for both of us what's going on .
D :  Yeah , probably .
D :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Yeah , okay .
A :  Um one problem I used to have is with all the yeahs . Because I mean obviously they all write it the same . So um I was thinking perhaps at looking um at the um acoustic measures I have . So for example at my F_ zero um deviation . But um yeah , by now I just had a look at the yeah data um and actually the average F_ zero deviation is only slightly higher for the positive ones than for the negative ones . I mean there is a p difference , but it's probably not significant enough to really make use of it . But I perhaps investigate some time still to
B :  Hmm .
B :  I would also th yeah but I would also th
D :  Uh the problem is yeah is occurring not only as an agreement , but really frequently as like uh an encouragement as well , isn't it .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah . So and I th my my hypothesis was that if it's really yeah , uh like agreement , it will sound different than if it than into if it is just a back-channel .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
B :  But you know what , I think we should put the threshold for that one in the end quite high anyway . So probably it doesn't make much of a difference . Because I think this thing
A :  Mm .
A :  But that has nothing to do with the threshold . Because you have uh you have um you don't have it only with yeahs . You have it also with words that are much higher ranked . You have the same problem like for example with yep is much higher ranked , because it occurs less often um in the training thing .
B :  No , but like
B :  But I mean the fact that different ones have the same number in itself isn't a problem , is it ?
A :  No . Um it's only if they're used in different contexts .
B :  So if if for every yep you'd be sure that it's an agreement , than that wouldn't be a problem . So you're saying that you're not sure if every yep is an agreement or
A :  Yes , I b yeah , I know that not every yep is an agreement . Because y um this right , yep and okay things are typically also back-channels .
B :  Hmm .
D :  How what's the highest um ranked one that that kind of problem occurs with ? 'Cause if it's below about 'cause I saw there's ones up in the eighties , wasn't there . If it's below like fifty , it's probably or exactly no they're all but one .
A :  Yeah , but we would throw a lot away that are quite good .
D :  'Cause we on the display we probably take quite high . So it'd only matter if it occurs on ones that are really highly ranked .
A :  If you if you would set it off .
B :  So over over how many different over which length is this ? Now this is like so the third column is the utterance where it occurs , right ? Okay , so w I think we really do have to put the threshold quite quite high then , because
A :  Yes .
D :  Yeah . Well otherwise you'd get icons all over the place . So anyway
B :  Yes , 'cause it I was just I was just checking , you know , like how far apart are they , and at the moment that's definitely not a good thing to display if they're like an average ten ten utterances apart or something .
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
D :  So we want probably want to take a threshold at least of fifty or sixty , just as a looking at that .
A :  I think for this meeting um there were um what was it , like ar around si or ninety annotated agreements or yeah , ag agreement dialogue acts .
B :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Mm-hmm .
D :  To we probably won't want to display ninety . We'd want to rate them as how important they were , wouldn't we .
A :  So
A :  I mean the b the best ones are definitely those on the first screen here . So it could just
D :  Yeah .
B :  Again , I'd say probably a good way of going about that question is to have a control which we can vary in the dis and then just sort of because that's in the end how it's gonna be evaluated . You know , in the end it this is gonna li I mean we're gonna present it and say yeah , so this our it shows disagreements . And then we see what what looks good and what looks I think probably it looks credible if like an u if every sort of every topic segment has um w yeah , or like or like something in between the three and and five agreements , but not more . Or probably maybe less but not much less and actually the I think there doesn't have to be one in everything .
D :  Yeah , and see how it turns out .
D :  An agreement at the end .
A :  Mm-hmm . Yeah , okay .
A :  Yeah . Probably have to plot them 'cause some of them are also I mean this is just added by different speakers for example . They are immediately following one another . But it's just two speakers agreeing I think . Same for this one here , for these two here .
D :  So yeah , we'd probably want to merge ones that were very close into one .
A :  I mean they they will be optically merged anyway .
D :  Yeah .
B :  N yes , but maybe in an expensive way or maybe in a stupid looking way though . Um
D :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , and we should probably make some logic when it displays it that says if there's ones very close together , it just centres it among the
B :  Yeah , d I'm yeah , I was just thinking that it can act it can probably be done on display level .
A :  Yeah , okay . That was just what I
D :  Yeah , it's looking quite good though .
B :  This one crashed . Mine just crashed I think , which is bad . It probably just it kept on playing and now reached some whatever .
D :  I think it's always really funny that when you look at people's computers who don't use the computer much , their desktop's really tidy , and when you work with people who use it all the time there's stuff everywhere . So mine's like that as well .
A :  I onl only keep uh the stuff I actually need on it and then I clean it up every , you know , every
D :  Yeah .
B :  My God .
A :  But actually this all here is N_L_S_S_D_ because it was data A_ that didn't fit on my um quota anymore . Okay .
C :  So Toby , you wanted to uh have keywords for each topic segment or something ? Um who would uh who uh provides the values for that ?
B :  Yeah .
E :  No one yet .
D :  Yeah .
C :  No one .
B :  I think sort of the bottom line and which might well end up what it's gonna be like is that we take the single highest ranked utterance and put that as a t as a title , like realistically looking at this from the the time we have left to do this and stuff .
C :  Right .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Because what I do is um having um values for each segment at the moment . So I could just extract the highest ones for each segment . I don't know if that's good or bad . It could be at least I could provide some value .
E :  Yeah , that
B :  There w
E :  That could be good , yeah .
B :  Yeah ? Yeah , maybe even on a s on a sing like i is that on a r like is that on a word basis , would that be single words ? Or would that be
C :  Uh it it doesn't matter to me . I could do both . Okay .
B :  'Cause be check out what they would be like on a word basis . Maybe actually if it if there's one word which is very typical , I mean it's probably some word like uh , because that's like the only time that uh was spelled with three A_ and stuff . I think that actually that might be a problem of the whole um annotation that if they aren't exactly consistent in how they descri uh transcribe stuff like that , then we probably can't yeah . 'Cause that's when we're thinking sometimes , like why is mm high . But then probably it's the only time that mm was spelled with a dot at the end and stuff . So But yeah , like if if single w
C :  Mm .
A :  Yeah , same thing uh um with the yoohoos and so on .
C :  Mm .
D :  Maybe we should um download a dictionary and check our utterances before we uh listen to make sure that they're actually real words . Do you see what I mean ?
B :  I c I have dictionaries . If it's just like I have arbitrarily long lists from the British National Corpus of when t usually
A :  That do not include mm .
B :  Well let's say at least they do it uh consistently enough that I think you can filter them out fairly well .
E :  Hmm .
D :  Yeah , I mean see how it turns out . If they look good , then that's a good way of doing it as any , I suppose .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , so if you if like I mean if the single ha best one word for a for a segment is interesting , that would be really good .
C :  Hmm .
B :  Seem to be having
D :  Actually , what I think you should do is take the highest three or four and then just merge them together into one utterance . It wouldn't make any sense , but it'd give you an idea of what they're actually talking about , if you see what I mean .
B :  Use a random s
C :  Yeah .
B :  'Kay , we're going backwards here now , it suddenly crashes and hangs .
C :  Especially when the segments are really long .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , I mean that was that was sort of in the original of then , the nice fancy drawings that we gave Steven . I mean that was part of it that sort of within the segment you had these sub-segments and each of them had different words and whatever happened to our dreams ? Are there assignments . No , I don't think we have .
E :  Uh .
D :  Yeah , I don't think we're gonna have time for that .
D :  Which is a shame 'cause it would've been cool .
B :  Yeah .
E :  Hmm .
E :  Yeah , are we gonna have time to make it display like a whole archive of meetings ? Or is it just gonna be displaying single meetings and you'll hold up different ones ?
D :  Um at the moment it doesn't really care how many meetings it's displaying .
B :  Hmm . Poor man's solution is probably gonna be to have a a list
D :  Just draw a big black line on the borders , I think .
E :  Hmm .
B :  Oh , so j you you are think of loading them all at once .
D :  Well y you you can if you want to . It's
B :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
D :  'Cause it ju it can display from any utterance to any other utterance . It doesn't really
B :  Yeah .
E :  Yeah , the see , at the moment the dialogue I_D_s just they start at zero for each meeting , they don't run um continuously . But you w you'd like them to run continuously .
D :  Do they ? Ah . Yeah , I'd prefer them drawn continuously .
B :  Yeah .
E :  Yeah , I can change that .
A :  Okay , then you you will provide a file with all the mappings from the old ones to the
B :  Even though we
E :  Yeah , just to change the index files as well .
B :  'Kay .
D :  Okay . Because that way , all we have to do to display ea more than one meeting is have a harder boundary drawn .
A :  unique ones .
B :  Yeah . Yeah , I think that like the dr the drawing has to be changed anyway , the it's not ideal at the moment . Um yeah , so if performance-wise it generally works fine for the display it shouldn't make much of a difference , 'cause I think everything in the display code is just from the first until the last one displayed . So if if the other performance is okay , then we should really just load the whole thing in .
B :  I'm very dis
D :  One thing we will have to do is we want we'd really want a different behaviour if we clicked on a whole meeting than a segment . So if there's more than one meeting displayed , it should um if you click even on one the segments of that meeting , I think it should re-initialize and display that just that meeting .
D :  So I'm not su I'm not sure how easy that would be to do .
B :  See , that probably just means that the display sort of has an internal knowledge about what level of zoom it has . So initially the display
D :  It just needs to know whether it's displaying more than one whole meeting , doesn't it . That's the only
D :  knowledge it would need .
B :  Yes .
B :  Yeah .
D :  But anyway , we can sort that out if we have time once we've got everything else .
B :  Yeah . That's probably fairly simple to do actually if we do it in that most primitive way of just saying as long as you display more than one meeting .
D :  Yeah .
D :  That'll get s s sufficient to claim that we had implemented some kind of zoom as well .
B :  Yeah . We then need some way of getting back up again in the hierarchy , but that in the worst case it will just be a static sort of arrow up button in the right hand topper corner of the display , and you press that and then you're on the display the whole thing again . But for that at the moment my display code needs that thing to work , the one oh no , that's working at the moment anyway , the one that I just say give me one hundred values over that length and then you're internally okay , but yeah , but uh that's okay , as long as my display I was just thinking my display can't handle displaying a million different segments . But now r no , but it doesn't have to . Even now it doesn't have to . Okay , well that's all details . Um so Dave , can you just turn this what we have right now in
D :  Yeah .
E :  Mm .
D :  Yeah , it's not done the very clever way , but it does work .
D :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Basically do a code for ease on it .
E :  Do you want me to put a search in soon ?
D :  Um I'll probably tonight just work on getting a frozen version that works consistently . And um if you could document it for me , that's probably enough for me to add it in . Unless you want to do it . But my code , I've not documented the programme manager class . So though it's a bit hairy at the moment , isn't it .
E :  No , oh yeah .
B :  Yeah . Make
E :  Yes .
B :  Uh And if an
E :  Yeah well , we'll work on it , yeah .
B :  If anyone feels that they have free time , uh this is a joke , um one thing that would be convenient for all sorts of things and which I haven't found out about it is how to do tool tips in an arbitrary way in in in Swing graphic displays . Now there is simple ways of doing tool tips over a given element , like if you have a button and you just give it a tool tip text . But there is means of doing tool tips that just I c I put my mouse over . Let's say I put my mouse over this line here and then it would tell me something about what it is . And that would be quite convenient for a lot of things because then we can sort of have a lot of information in the display in the in the way that just when the mouse is over it , but I haven't figured out how it works , and that's something that probably so if everyone is ever bored or anyone feels that they can do that
D :  Uh-huh .
E :  Hmm .
A :  Mm-hmm , yes .
D :  Okay , so probably what you'd want to do is um
D :  detect where the mouse is and change the default tool tip for that component .
B :  Yes , but
D :  Because it automatically displays at the correct position when you hover .
B :  Yeah , but the the thing is it it isn't simply an act of setting a string default tool tip . There seems to be something about a tool tip object that you have to create and give it all sorts of different properties and stuff or
D :  Yeah , you might nor really want to be creating a new one every time you move the mouse .
B :  Yeah . So anyway , I haven't looked much into that . So if if anybody looks into that , then let me know . Otherwise I'll start looking into it as soon as I have time again . But if anybody
D :  I'll have a look through some of my Java books 'cause it might be the sort of thing they have in there .
B :  Yeah . I found some stuff about it on the web and it just looked to me like proper coding , like I saw half-page code samples which effectively just displayed a tool tip and I didn't have the time at that point to get deeper into that . So if anybody gets any good samples of that Never . Anyways , that is that it for now ?
D :  Mm .
E :  Yeah .
D :  Is there all is that g version all in the
B :  No , but I'm gonna I'm going up Appleton Tower now and I have my external hard disk . So I can
D :  Okay . Cool . So I'll start working on that in like half an hour or something and it will be the
B :  Yeah .
D :  Okay .
B :  Is there any DICE machines in this building ? Freely accessible for me . Can you show me where because I'm actually not going to Appleton Tower at the moment . So then I don't have to go up and down . Actually no , but I have to go there anyway and put a piece of paper on two machines where some stuff of mine is running on .
E :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Mm .
E :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , and I think like I'll just I'll just kick in full time for N_L_S_S_D_ next week , 'cause there's nothing I have to do then . Apart from Cognitive Modelling , which I think I'll just do in five hours , three hours . you take a look at that ?
E :  Hmm .
A :  Yeah , but not too detailed . So
B :  Hmm . I might just not go for the last question because usually the last question is takes half the time and gives you five percent or something like Okay .
E :  Yes , we're gonna talk about the evaluation next week .
C :  .
D :  We really need to get in contact with the other group and see if they want to do a joint evaluation .
E :  Yeah , we could do that .
D :  So you need to get their email addresses .
E :  Yeah , I think they're on the N_L_S_S_D_ web page . Hmm .
D :  Are they ?
B :  Really ?
C :  At least their names , and if we have their names then we can get their email .
D :  That'd be handy . Yeah , we can get them .
B :  Okay .
D :  So you do is sending them an email . 'Cause I was hoping that Steve would mention it Ian 'cause we've mentioned it to him so many times . But he obviously hasn't .
C :  Mm .
B :  No , maybe he has mentioned it to them , but they just never talked to us . I mean we didn't talk to them . So
D :  Yeah .
B :  It's sort of coming as a shock to me now because I was sort of in this mindset . Like I first knew oh , there's a lot of time between the presentation and the report . And then I knew oh , now the presentation is shifted . But the correlation between those two facts , the interdependencies , there's some fancy planning language about that . But that
D :  S there's the frame problem .
B :  Yes , it's um it's probably some version of the frame problem . Frame plob problem . Hasn't been clear to me .
D :  No , I think it's coming together not bad at the moment actually .
E :  Yeah .
A :  Um by the way how long um how much time do we have for the presentation ?
D :  Don't know .
E :  Yeah , probably as long as we need . But yeah , I don't know . Half an hour or some
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , but more like twenty minutes or more like an hour ?
B :  Well , I reckon that it
D :  I can't see it going on for an hour to be honest .
E :  Yeah , half an hour probably .
B :  I reckon that probab
A :  Yeah , I mean if you if you if you present the components of what it it's based on , then you will need more than twenty minutes to present it , I guess . It's question .
B :  But if you just present the functionality of the thing , if you're not like I don't think this presentation is about the internal working . So yeah . So for a demo , I think realistically since everything in this university sort of works in one hour slots and stuff . So if it's two groups then it probably it's gonna be roughly half an hour-ish .
A :  Yeah , then
D :  Yeah , I thought it was a demo basically .
E :  Hmm .
E :  Yeah , I think .
D :  Half an hour . And like ten minutes of that would be probably set up time as well . Ten minutes of that will probably be set up time as well .
E :  Yeah .
B :  Hmm ?
B :  No , why is th this is gonna be so bad . Like there's gonna be some small l
D :  I we maybe you should present it on your laptop 'cause we can be really sure it's running before we come .
B :  Yeah , but the performance is really bad at the moment on that one though .
E :  Hmm .
B :  Plus we would have to get the speech tools running on my laptop then , wouldn't we ?
D :  I could probably get my computer in if I could get someone to give me a lift . I know a couple of people with cars .
B :  Mm .
E :  Yeah , it may be a good idea to do that . Could we guarantee that it'd work ?
B :  Well let's let's see . Did it it could just be fluent on the laptop for all I know . I mean like at the moment it's not too bad apart from I think the sound is stuttering and that's b I think because of the laptop . But we can only really judge that once we have sound files .
D :  Yeah , 'cause I wouldn't need to bring a monitor or anything , I'll just need to bring the box .
E :  Hmm .
D :  I'm pretty sure I could nick a lift off someone .
B :  How fast is yours , Vera ?
A :  My computer ? Uh it doesn't have Linu Linux . So
B :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Well net would run on anything . But
D :  Or J_ Builder . In fact you won't even you shouldn't even need either as long as you got Java installed .
B :  Yes .
B :  No , that's true . Yeah , that's true . Virtual Machine should be fine . But but but that all relies on finding some way of getting the speech tools to do their job .
E :  Yeah , I've been able to run it without , yeah .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Oh crap , I forgot about that .
B :  Yeah , see that's 'cause that's the thing , like that would rely on I just don't think it's a good idea to run the speech tools in
D :  Cygwin maybe ?
E :  Hmm .
D :  In Cygwin . No , but Cygwin should run um the Java as well .
E :  Mm-hmm .
B :  No no no no , d wherever this is going , it doesn't sound good . Um
B :  We can he can use my laptop as sort of like as a as a server as a sound server , but that would still mean that we have to get the speech tools running on this . No , you know , I think I mean the way Java works is that t
D :  A sound server .
A :  Mm .
B :  I think it'll run on on their DICE machine if we're doing it in if we well we should definitely test it the day before .
D :  Hopefully , yeah .
A :  Yeah .
E :  Yeah , I'm sure he'll let us uh test it out before we do it .
B :  Yeah . 'Kay .
B :  So Dave , are you gonna make something primitive that people can load their data in ?
D :  Yep , I'll do that today . And I'll yeah , I'll make a script to run it and put that in the group directory .
D :  And I'll send around the email when it's done .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah . I'm not I'm not a hundred percent sure what needs to be changed to make it work with the to make it not crash if it doesn't have a sound card . There's there's quite a bit you have to comment out for that , which is stupid because I
D :  It'll be the bit where it creates the clock . Or is there stuff in the display as well ?
B :  Yeah the yeah . No , but the thing is the display calls methods which probably expect some so I think if the display itself isn't doing anything clocky , so as long as in the main pr in the programme manager everything clocky is is removed , but uh i w it might be worthwhile to check how much work it would be to do it over a flag , 'cause then in the end i 'cause otherwise we always have two code versions , and people might be changing the wrong one .
D :  Okay .
D :  Well , it really we shouldn't even need a flag . You should be able to do it with exceptions . I mean that's this is kinda not exact case that exceptions are made for really .
B :  Okay . Okay . Yeah , that's true . I just I know that like if you don't do it with the exceptions , crashes . That's what figured out . Like if you don't have a sound card it crashes , even if you don't use sound . Yeah , okay , cool .
D :  Yeah .
E :  Yeah Dave , see in the programme manager , do you have a a method to like set the current I_D_ so it'll update the display ? 'Cause that's what I'm gonna need when I'm uh like getting search results .
D :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Oh no , it's gonna have to do something a bit more complicated than that . What it will have to do is de-register everything as time handlers and then update and then re-register them .
E :  Hmm .
B :  Uh I think the display has some method for it . I'm not actually like for the programme manager then to call . I'm not actually a hundred percent sure what it's called , but the display has some method where you tell it where to start and where to end .
E :  Right .
B :  Yeah or there's gonna be something .
E :  Yeah , well as far as I've got at the moment , I've made a results class that's got like the I_D_ and the stuff .
D :  Okay . Have you got a component for displaying lists of matches ? 'Cause that'd be pretty useful . Cool .
E :  Yeah . Yep . I'm well , I'm working on it .
D :  Okay , yeah , I mean it's not it's not too hard to do . All you have to do is de-register everything that's a time handler first before you add the stuff in . But um depends what behaviour we want . Do we want when you click on a search result , we definitely want that one to appear in the summary .
E :  Right .
B :  Well actually , Dave Da Dave Dave Dave
E :  I yeah , and it might not be there . I know , I was thinking that might be a problem .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Okay . No sorry , I've uh I was wrong , I was thinking it's exactly the same thing that happens when we say set select no , it does not . But actually a set selection does everything you want sort of .
D :  Yeah , it sets if you look at set select , that's essentially what you wanna do , yeah .
B :  No , but set selection doesn't update the display though , because well it it doesn't tell the display which part to di which part to to display because the display has just called set selection to
D :  Does it not ?
E :  Hmm .
D :  Yeah , but it w it doesn't matter because um if it's jumped to in the end text area , then your display would the the line'll jump , won't it .
B :  If
B :  Yeah , but that only works that at the moment isn't done through our system , that's just done because then the time changes . So actually a time change would automatically put the position of the display in the right play . Uh no , but that's not a good idea , because that could well be outside the displayed area then .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Uh and also the real time and play time stuff would change . So we , yeah , we need to re-initialize the display then , don't we .
B :  Yeah . So
B :  Yeah . No , I think the display has a method for that ready , which is called
B :  Anyway , the display has something useful for that . Something which probably starts with the word set .
B :  Yeah , you can set the window start utterance and window end utterance .
D :  Okay .
E :  Hmm .
D :  But yeah , we need to do something to ensure that the search result is in the summary that's created .
E :  Yeah .
D :  So may we probably want a different summary constructor that takes an an additional argument of an I_D_ . And it will that w utterance will always be in the summary .
B :  Hmm .
B :  Alternatively there's always the method of just giving it a really high score . As a hack , you know , like just as long as you then don't well , probably people wouldn't know .
D :  Yeah , I suppose . But the trouble is that still doesn't guarantee that it'll appear because if you get enough of them that are high scored , it prefers the first ones it sees .
B :  Hmm .
B :  Well you could you could put one point one when the other ones only go up to the one . But no , it's it's not it's not a nice way , I'm just saying .
D :  Yeah , I suppose .
E :  W You could you could when it's when you're doing a search , you could just like sort of zoom back out so you got the full text for that segment or that meeting , rather than a summary . 'Cause that's maybe what you'd want if you were a user .
D :  Hmm , maybe .
B :  Yeah , probably that actually true that if you're doing a search you're usually not interested in a condensed way but in the in the full thing anyway .
A :  Yes .
E :  You could provide that option .
D :  But you could d you can um achieve the same effect .
A :  And you would otherwise it would be too complicated to cope with the thi uh system if you have to re-adjust it uh to a different zoom level to get better results . I mean it would behave strangely in the eyes of the user .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Probably the way to handle that would be to make a summary that's the same length as the selection , and that would ensure that the search term came up .
E :  Hmm .
E :  Mm .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
E :  Hmm .
E :  Alright . Yeah .
B :  I think proportion like I even though I'm I'm always getting myself confused about this , but I think sort of making the summary length thing generally proportion , like as a as a proportional factor of of its original length is a good way of going about it . Because anything with absolute length's sort of stupid because that means that a long long segment gets to one percent of its length and another one gets to exactly the same length and stuff . So if we're doing it by a proportion then just having one point zero or something makes it very easy to always end up at the actually that's what I've currently like the current code just takes a tenth of the summary length . So yeah . And that's the type of slider that we can actually leave in and like show 'cause that's that's functionality . Yeah , that's sort of like your level of the zoom . Of impending doom . Shall we quit here ? Anything to be discussed ?
D :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , exactly .
D :  Yeah . But we'll have that slider obviously .
D :  Yeah , 'cause that's very useful thing .
D :  Yeah .
B :  'Cause I'm gonna copy that stuff over .
D :  Okay . And I'll start work in say two . Will it be done by then ?
B :  Yeah , otherwise you'll you'll definitely see me in M_S_N_ . So I'll just
