A :  Okay , good morning . This is our first team meeting . I'll be your Project Manager for today , for this project . My name is Mark will be giving this presentation for you to kick the project off . That's my uh that's the agenda for today . Well , of course we're new to each other , so I'd like to get acquainted first . So let's do that first , I mean Let's start with you , can you introduce yourself ? You're our Marketing Expert .
B :  Good day .
D :  Morning .
C :  Morning .
D :  Yes . Um my name is Dirk , Dirk Meinfeld . Um I will be uh Pr Project the Marketing Expert . And I will see what the user wants and uh what we can do uh with the new produ project product .
A :  Okay , excellent . And you are User Interface Yeah .
B :  Nick Broer , User Interface Designer . I'm going to uh look at the technical design from the uh user point of view .
A :  Excellent . Okay .
C :  My name is Xavier Juergens , I'm the Industrial Designer , and there are three main questions that I have to find an answer to today . First one is uh what happens inside the apparatus , second is what is uh the apparatus made of , and the third is what should it look like .
D :  Hmm .
A :  What should it look like ? Okay .
D :  Hmm .
A :  Oh , let's kick it off . Oh , there we go . So , our new project is about we need design a remote control for television set , so , which has to be original , trendy and user-friendly . I took this off our corporate website . It's I think well it sums up what we need to do .
A :  We're inspired by latest fashion , not only electronics , but also the latest trends in clothes and interior design . That's why our product will always fit in your home . So apparently we need to um be very at um very open to what's currently hot in the market . So that's what you need to do to bring us the latest info and what people want . So
D :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
A :  So we put the fashion in electronics . So that's what we need to go for . Anyway , we'll take this project in three steps , three pha uh three phase of design . First step will be the functional design . And that's basically what we're gonna do . Everybody has uh a piece of individual work and a meeting afterwards , so we can share information about So I'm gonna keep this short , since we had a technical problem . So skip through this .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Uh . Okay . Every meeting we everybody can present their uh their views and everything , so to help with these , you have we have the SMARTboards here . We can use a regular PowerPoint presentation . I'm supposed to give you an introduction on this doodling board , so it's actually it's very easy . Like it says , very simple , you just take out the pen .
A :  Like you see here , I'll just take the take here . That's it , you just put it on the board . You see a pen here . You go here , just like using a pen . You can just draw whatever you want .
A :  It's like the eraser , can erase whatever you want .
A :  And so it will be easy just to illustrate your views , if you wanna change the format , you just either take out jus just like the pen , and whatever you want , your current colour , your line width , just to make the line bigger .
A :  So it should be really easy . This is to take the just take a new slide and back again . We're just gonna keep using this board all the time , so I think it will be it's very clear for everyone , I suppose . So I'll take this out .
D :  Okay .
A :  Okay . We'll use that later . Anyway . Yeah , just just just stuff that you wanna share , just put it in the in the project folder , like I put my presentation now . I'll put the the minutes of every meeting , I'll put them there too , so everybody can read up if they have to leave early or whatever .
A :  So next , been here . Well , gonna give the electronic white-board uh a shot . So basic idea is
A :  we have a blank sheet . Just try whatever you want , and like it says , draw your favourite animal .
A :  I think the creative genius should go first .
B :  The creative genius ? Thank you very much .
A :  So , draw us your favourite animal .
B :  Well , I'm more into the technical aspects of drawing , so I'm not really good at drawing animals , but uh the animal which I Oh .
A :  Draw us a technical animal .
A :  Yeah , it's still erasing .
B :  Pen .
B :  Uh format .
B :  Else my animal will be like king-size . I pretty much like a dolphin , because of its uh its freedom basically . Let's see .
B :  A head .
B :  actually worked with this . It's like uh it's a very
C : 
B :  Uh high-tech . Bit low-responsive though . Prefer pen and paper .
A :  So that's what we don't want . We want a high-responsive product . So
A :  It looks more like nuclear bomb .
D :  Very nice dolphin .
B :  It doesn't look like a nuclear bomb . This thing isn't doing what I'm
C : 
B :  What I want .
B :  So
A :  Let's go easy on it .
B :  Yeah , well it does look like a nuclear bomb .
B :  I'll just finish up real soon , because I'm
B :  So it doesn't really look like a dolphin , but then again , this is all new for me .
A :  Anyway , it should It It's supposed to be a dolphin , you like the freedom that it that it represents .
C :  Uh-huh .
B :  Like the ocean , like swimming . Do that in my spare time , so that's basically an
A :  What do you like ? Okay . Well , our Marketing Expert . Show us an animal .
B :  Now we can forget this ever happened .
D :  Um an animal . I like the elephant .
A :  Pick a pick a pick a clean sheet . Oh . Take a clean sheet first .
D :  What ?
D :  Yeah . Um
A :  Just press next . That's it .
D :  Oh yeah . Oh , a blank . Okay , next . Free , I like the elephant . It's big , it's strong , so uh uh Oh , it's a little bit
B :  It's not really that responsive , no .
D :  You have to hold it , right ?
C :  Mm .
D :  Hmm .
D :  It's a beautiful animal .
D :  Oh , you have to p press it pretty hard .
D :  With a smile on it , it's very important .
A :  It's a cute elephant .
D :  Yeah .
D :  And uh not to forget its tail .
D :  Oh .
A :  It's a nice beard .
D :  Yeah , it's okay .
B :  And you was making comments on my dolphin .
D :  Yes .
D :  I will beat the dolphin . No .
A :  Okay , so it's just a bee .
D :  Yeah .
A :  So I suggest you make us the elephant in the market . The big and strong player in the market . This would be good . Okay , excellent . On to the next one .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Okay .
D :  Uh yeah .
C :  Okay , you should press next .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Press next . Yeah , it's up there .
C :  Okay .
A :  That's it .
C :  Okay , well the animal I'd like to draw is a tiger .
B :  You picked a hard one , didn't you ?
D :  Experience with the tiger .
C :  My drawing skills are really bad , so .
D :  What ? They are
C :  They are really bad , my drawing skills .
D :  Okay uh-huh .
A :  Sure looks smooth .
D :  Oh .
C :  I'm not sure how the legs should go , but
C :  Uh these are stripes .
B :  Got it .
C :  I've picked this animal because it's very fast . It is uh it knows exactly what it wants . Uh it hardly ever wastes any resources .
A :  What does it want ?
C :  Uh well , basically uh it hunts for prey , but it does it always in a very well-thought way . Uh it knows exactly what it wants . It never kills an animal uh just for the killing , so it's very efficient . And it tries to do everything as fast as possible . And it always goes for uh security , in seeking uh uh a hide spot and uh and doing everything , security , speed and efficiency is important . And I think uh those things we can use .
A :  Okay .
D :  Mm .
A :  I agree .
D :  Okay .
A :  Yay , I'm supposed to draw the animal next .
A :  I introduce to the world the amazing
A :  ant .
D :  Uh hard worker .
A :  Great team-workers .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Do everything to Uh really small , but together they're really strong . So I'm gonna give it a smiley face .
D :  Yeah , yeah .
C :  Oh .
A :  Not sure where the p . Just put 'em here . Whatever .
A :  Think it need shoes . So
A :  I'm just too lazy to draw it all black , so
A :  That's the coolest ant ever .
B :  You've done this before , haven't you ?
A :  I love to draw ants . It's my hobby . Anyway Nah . Just I think it's very representative what we drew , I guess . Like you take just take your freedom and use a a trendy interface that you design for us .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Just Yeah . You're supposed to make i make it different from uh from what other people have , and just make it a little distinct . Anyway . another beep to stop the meeting . See . Warning . Finish meeting now .
A :  Uh put this down .
A :  Examples . Well I guess we have a little little time extra , but Just a little quick discussion to to open open our work . So what do you guys think about The first idea is just very short . I'll start with you . What are y What are your first ideas for the new product ? What
B :  Well , I basically had a question . Do uh Are we going to introduce a multi remote control ? Is it just the T_V_ or do we want to in
D :  Uh
A :  The project I got was just for a T_V_ remote control .
B :  Just for T_V_ remote control . Okay . Well , I was thinking about design remote control , with our uh motto and all . Uh thing to keep in mind is that we need to stick to what people are familiar with . No rational changes or whatever , 'cause it revolutionary changes , yes .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , I guess so .
D :  But
D :  Yeah .
A :  Okay , so very intuitive design , I guess .
B :  Uh we might have to consider other design aspects of our product . So that was something I wanted to add , and perhaps some usability aspect . T_V_ is becoming central in most homes . Do we want people who are disabled in any way to uh , yeah , to be able to use it as well ?
A :  Yeah , we want
A :  I suppose we want almost everyone to be using it . So I think I mean , really disabled people , yeah , might be a problem , but I think it's a little take it into consideration . Um yeah . I think we really need to cut the meeting short . You have anything you wanna share quickly ?
C :  Hmm . Only one thing uh that has to be added according to me is uh the the material it is made of , it should be something light . That's it speaks for itself , but some uh Yeah .
D :  Uh .
B :  Yeah .
A :  It should be light , okay . Um , let's see , where did I Let's skip that . Oh , this is it . Sorry , I skipped this sheet . What do we This Quick What we're going to Selling price , twenty five Euros . That's for you . The production price , twelve and a half Euros , approximately . Just go go for that . We'll reach the uh reach that profit .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Selling price .
C :  Okay .
C :  Okay .
B :  Okay , well that's not that much to work with .
D :  international .
A :  No , it's not much to work on . I'm sorry , I skipped it . Anyways , that's Yeah , this is it . Do you have anything you you came up with yet ? About uh marketing transfer , whatever ?
D :  Um about what ? Marketing ?
A :  Marketing I'm not sure what you what you came up with yet . You have anything to share ? Or else we'll cut the meeting just cut the meeting short since we're supposed to stop .
D :  Um no , not really yet , but I've some ideas and I will uh
A :  Okay .
A :  Anyways , the the personal coach will give you the your p your personal assignments and everything . So we'll just meet back in here thirty minutes . I'm sure we have that .
D :  say it uh
D :  Okay .
C :  Okay .
C :  Good luck everyone .
A :  Yeah , thanks for attending . I'll see you back here in thirty minutes .
B :  Mm , good luck .
D :  Okay .
D :  Yes .
