B :  Two .
C :  Good morning .
A :  Hello . Hello .
D :  Hello .
D :  Ah .
A :  You have to put it exactly on the on the yeah .
D :  Plate ?
C :  Okay .
B :  Good morning .
C :  Good morning .
C :  Should I bring my uh pen too ? Or
A :  I took your mouse . Yeah just yeah , no , that's for me , I just have to make some notes . I got my uh mouse .
C :  Okay .
D :  Uh I also forgot my mouse , but I don't need my mouse , I think .
B :  Mouse .
A :  yeah .
C :  I do .
B :  Come on . There we are .
C :  My laptop is crashing .
D :  Damn computers .
C :  Cr
C :  Help help help .
B :  Let's just check one more time .
B :  Mm .
D :  Can you hear me ? Hello ? Test . I dunno .
A :  Uh actually my laptop doesn't work , switch it on again .
D :  Check . Okay . I think it works .
A :  Oh no .
C :  Test test . Yes , it's working .
A :  So you all read what we are going to do or not ? Okay .
D :  Mm-hmm . We're gonna make a remote control .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , that's right .
C :  I think my laptop is a bit
C :  etchy .
A :  I just made a a simple uh presentation .
A :  So you put some things in it .
A :  Okay .
A :  How does this work ? I dunno .
B :  One uh most to the right . Yes that one . Yes .
C :  Uh p
A :  This one ?
D :  Press F_ eleven .
A :  Ah cool . Okay . So that's my name , . Uh we're going to make uh a remote control , you already know that . Just have a look , are we going to uh this agenda of our meeting . You know , this is about twenty five minutes , this meeting .
A :  So um the thing we have to know is you already know what we're going to do , you also read what this the things or , not yet , okay . So um , yeah , it has to be original , trendy , user-friendly that's what we're going to design . Uh first we have uh uh three steps of uh making the the remote control . Fir the first thing is th the functional design , that's very important . We have to look what the needs are , the effects of the functional design , and and how the mm the the remote control works , so that's where we're going to look in the functional design , it's for the f next meeting .
B :  Yes .
A :  The the second thing is the conceptual design , that's what it that's uh the spe the specifications of the components and the properties and the specifications of the user interface . And we have to look what uh the market is doing for what kind of uh remote controls are in the market . And the third thing is uh the detailed design um and that's exa yeah , you know what it is , it's exactly how it looks and whatever . Okay so uh no , this is a these are two smartboards , with the uh f uh s an introduction of that one .
A :  And you already saw you know all that that you here can put uh things in the the red project uh map . Folder , okay .
D :  Folder , yes .
A :  So no okay have a look at that one .
A :  Okay .
A :  So uh what we're going to do first is um
A :  so you can read . You have to uh draw uh a favourite animal on the whiteboard and um and say why it's your favourite animal . So and you have this is just to try it out and we have to uh use a different pen colours and different thickness of the pen .
A :  So okay , so first have to show you , maybe you can come here to have a look how it works .
A :  Yes ? Okay . This a new page , it's okay . Use pen format .
D :  Ah I can see it now .
B :  Yeah .
A :  and a different colour can use here no I just take the pink .
A :  You take oh there's no pink , okay , oh just purple , okay . No blue . And uh line width ten . Okay uh just take what I'm going to draw is an elephant .
B :  Purple .
A :  Just draw slowly , because otherwise it won't work .
A :  It's a very
A :  nice elephant , you can see .
A :  I dunno what it looks but it doesn't matter .
B :  Looks very nice .
A :  I just h
A :  Something like this ? Oh no
D :  It look like a dinosaurs .
A :  Yeah , okay . Because I like uh okay .
B :  A pink elephant .
A :  Just takes so long , okay . Whatever , just .
A :  You erased this one .
A :  It's a bit slow you can see , this is a bit annoying .
D :  Okay .
A :  Okay , so just
A :  for you guys just one of you can draw a painting if you want .
D :  Let me try one .
A :  Just don't um yeah , just u use it like that , yeah . That's okay .
D :  Okay .
D :  Mm . Okay and then uh what's the colour ? How do I do
A :  It's in format .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Ah .
D :  I'll take this one .
D :  Uh there has to be water , but
A :  Just
A :  No it has to be an animal , so if that's it's it should be a shna snake or something . Okay . Okay okay . Okay .
D :  Yeah yeah , but it's an animal it's an animal that lives in the water . So I first uh draw the water .
C :  Okay .
B :  The water is important .
D :  Uh . Okay , and now
D :  I make the animal .
D :  It's a fish .
C :  Wow .
A :  Okay , cool .
D :  Mm-hmm .
D :  So .
D :  Um
D :  This is a worm .
B : 
A :  Hmm yeah , that's nice .
C :  Wow .
D :  Okay , who next ? Uh
A :  Uh do you have to write down why uh that doesn't matter , just it's to get used to the whiteboard , but it's okay . Just make a new blank new blank page .
D :  Okay .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Well Paul ?
B :  Yeah . Like this ?
A :  Yeah , not too far to the to the t pen top .
B :  Okay . Um
B :  let's make it
B :  a dog .
B :  Ooh .
A :  Maybe you should hold your pen a bit more to the back , so that no , to the yeah .
D :  I think it's a pig .
B :  Ah okay .
B :  A pig ?
B :  I can make a dog .
A :  No , it's a dog .
D :  Or a dog .
B :  Um
D :  A sheep ?
A :  Uh we d only have twenty five minutes , so .
C :  Take it easy .
B :  'Kay , I make a cat of it .
C :  I I was gonna make a cat too .
A :  Use your fantasy .
B :  Oh , not too quick .
A :  Just hold it more more to the back then you don't have okay .
B :  No I have it .
B :  I just draw too quick I think .
B :  Okay , that's it .
B :  More .
A :  No , that's okay , thank you .
B :  It's just to get used to it .
C :  Okay .
A :  I thought these pens would be just um uh you write it down and you download it to Word , you already did it or no ? No , not yet , okay . But it's just
D :  No .
B :  Yeah , that's right , it but you actually got to write on the paper . You really got to write on that paper .
A :  Sorry ?
A :  Yeah , I know , but I d I I thought it would be just in in in uh typed words in Word , so that's not just it's just a picture . So it's not that cool as I th thought it would be .
D :  Yeah yeah , it's a real pen .
B :  Yeah , but it's just a picture .
D :  Oh .
B :  You really
D :  Y you can you can't edit in the edit it in Word .
B :  No .
A :  No .
D :  Oh , okay .
B :  It's a donkey .
A :  I don't know , what time did we start this meeting , I'm not sure .
B :  Uh I think it was uh
A :  Half past .
D :  Half past ten .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Okay .
D :  Brilliant .
A :  Okay , perfect .
C :  Nice , eh ?
D :  Yep .
A :  Yeah , thank you . Now we just have to save everything , so .
A :  Oh this is definitely the best one .
C :  Uh .
A :  Okay , so
A :  uh what we know is that we have to sell this uh remote control for about twenty five Euros .
C :  Excuse me .
A :  Okay , that's . And uh we have to make a profit of fifty million Euros , so we have to uh use a big market in Europe .
B :  Piece of cake .
A :  The production cost are about half the price of selling price , sorry .
B :  Uh easy .
A :  So can someone make a
A :  a calculation about how many we have to sell of these to make fifty million , I dunno . Uh so we're gonna have a little discussion about um what experience are with a remote control the and everything , so just have a look how it we think about remote controls .
D :  Yeah , my first question was does it have to be a a universal remote control ?
A :  Oh yeah , that's a good question .
D :  Because we sell it uh uh uh lonely from the t and not with the television , we sell it uh apart .
A :  I think it's I'm not I'm not sure , it's not mm I think
D :  So I
C :  Yeah , it probably would be universal .
B :  Universal . And only television ? Or more devices ?
D :  Because
A :  I don't think you can buy a a a universal uh remote control for twenty five Euros , so not sure , but
C :  Hmm , maybe , I don't know .
D :  Yeah , I know uh you can buy a re a universal uh control for uh only twenty uh Euros
A :  Okay , so we we just say we just say that's universal remote control . Okay , perfect .
D :  Yeah , I think .
B :  Ah okay .
C :  And uh also for the V_C_R_ and uh D_V_D_ player and okay .
A :  Yeah , everything just so a lot of buttons on the remote control .
C :  Yeah , probably .
B :  Not just a T_V_ .
A :  No , just everything .
B :  Okay .
A :  . so yeah , what what what's a remote control , it's just a black thing with some buttons on it , it's not nothing very special , but um yeah , that's right .
D :  Okay .
B :  Well we can try to make it special .
A :  So do you have any ideas how it has to look for for usability or user
B :  Well
D :  Well I th I thought about um making it the same uh style as the television , we don't have uh the same television uh all the time , so uh that's no matter . Um if we uh control the V_C_R_ and the D_V_D_ player player with it
D :  uh it has to be clear , because uh kids and uh elderly are gonna use it , so uh it's not only for the uh technical persons .
D :  I think it must be a very good control , so you can uh uh uh act uh use it from uh everywhere in your room , the the infrared uh thing must be from very good quality .
A :  Hmm yeah .
A :  That's right . Should be a good point .
B :  Yeah . Nothing
C :  Okay .
C :  And how big should it be ?
D :  No . Yeah . I dunno um
B :  It shouldn't be too big , but I don't think we can make it too small , 'cause it has to have a lot of functions , so .
C :  Yeah .
B :  We can't make it smaller than the things we see now I think .
A :  Just big enough for the buttons we have , that's that's it .
B :  Yeah . Or we have to make something uh
B :  like uh mobile phones that you can uh fold it opem . Maybe then you can make it s smaller and uniquer ,
C :  Yeah . Yeah .
B :  maybe more trendy .
A :  But you you you you think about uh uh one you can fold open . Okay , yeah , that's cool . Maybe for the D_V_D_ pla player or something , if you just okay .
B :  Fold open , where you can see uh more options . I think
D :  Ah that's that's
C :  Yeah n
B :  Yeah , something uh on top , just dren general things like volume and T_V_ channels and inside things you don't use that often .
D :  Ah right right .
C :  Yeah , or you c
A :  Yeah .
D :  Oh that's good , yeah .
C :  O or you could th think of an uh uh a small touch screen on the remote control .
B :  Yeah b I wanted
D :  Yeah .
A :  Why should you use a touchscreen on a remote control ? There are buttons on it .
C :  Uh maybe be uh it's it's
B :  No you can make an uh manual in it .
C :  Yeah , or um maybe to keep it uh easy and uh small .
A :  Okay .
D :  Yeah , but
A :  But it's not t t t too expensive to put a touchscreen on it .
C :  Uh like a a to have Yeah , maybe it would .
B :  But that's Yeah , I think it's much uh too expensive .
D :  Yeah but it's not reachable I think , touch screen . And we have to care for uh the strength of the remote control , because uh uh remote controls are most uh things in the house that falls down on the ground and it get often uh broken .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah . So . And if you have a touch screen in it , it's definitely too too fragile uh fragile .
B :  Yeah , too fragile .
D :  Yeah and a lots uh uh lots of kids use it and touchscreen is not uh kids uh
A :  No .
A :  You can put games on your remote control . Whatever .
C :  Kid-proof .
B :  Yeah .
C :  And uh how about the batteries ? Uh should you put it in a recharger or a just
D :  Um
A :  Oh maybe that's a good idea , just to put it on your television and just s recharge , you never have to use any batteries .
D :  Ma maybe a home station .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Mm yeah .
B :  Maybe that's a good idea , but yeah , we have to look at the price now I think .
A :  Yeah , how m how mu how how expensive uh is a normal recharger ?
D :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , I dunno .
B :  Well uh how much is your uh standards uh mobile phone recharger ?
A :  I dunno .
C :  Yeah , if you buy it uh separately from your phone it's probably expensive , but I don't know what the project uh projection costs are for such a thing .
D :  Ah yeah .
B :  Maybe have uh
A :  Uh if you th look at the market , it's probably it's still the best way just to put batteries in it , because maybe it's too expensive .
B :  Yeah , 'cause well
C :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , but a home station is uh a really good idea , because uh lots of people are uh lose their remote control and don't know where it is , and now you can put it always at the same place . Maybe it's
A :  Yeah , that's right , yeah .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Therefore it's a good idea , but maybe it's expensive .
B :  Maybe uh use it as a separate option . Sell it uh separately .
D :  Yeah .
D :  You can yeah , you can buy it with it .
C :  Yeah , but I have a mouse that's uh uh also uh
B :  Rechargeable .
C :  Yeah , and and you just have normal batteries that you can recharge and just put it in the station , or you can change your batteries , so .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Oh yeah .
A :  The option , just the option , that's cool .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Uh I I set something on paper already , size , looks , uh usable , uh the buttons on usable places , uh the the on off button must be on top , uh it has to lay good in the hand , you you have to uh
A :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Has it be has does it has to b have to be um uh like a different form than a normal remote control or
D :  Yeah , I don't I don't know I don't know if we
B :  Well I think we have to look at that , 'cause well you can do the standard way , but then you won't
D :  You can make it very special , to create our own um looks , but it's very hard to
C :  N uh if if we want to make it special , we probably have to do a lot of testing , if it really works .
D :  Nah .
B :  Well you can um
B :  have uh the basic things on the same place , like on off button on top and the T_V_ channels one two three four as a block , and then the volume uh obviously on t on top , so you can see . But the rest is uh you don't use that often , so if you have a clear button with an good icon on it , it should be clear as well . So it doesn't matter what place it is on the remote control I think , so you can do something unique with that .
C :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
C :  And what we have to think about too is uh uh buttons that you use often are um maybe uh like when you fold it open , when you have it closed , you can still uh do the th the functions . Yeah . But n yeah , but uh i basically when I'm watching T_V_ I'm just using like five buttons or so , so .
D :  Yeah yeah , what Paul already said . Uh on on top are the the basic options on top , and if you fold it open
A :  Yeah , just for the T_V_ and just the normal function , that's fine .
B :  Yeah , yeah .
A :  But maybe it's
B :  Yeah . That's what I meant .
A :  maybe it's very hard to to make it fold open and to l look like it's very uh uh what's it's called ?
D :  Mm . If you if if you make to fold open it's or also an uh the strength uh is not s as good as a normal uh remote control .
A :  Maybe it's hard t
B :  Uh
A :  No , that's right . So maybe we have to to uh keep it like mm a square , just normal remote control .
B :  Okay , but yeah .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Just think about it . We have to close this uh to finish this uh meeting , so . There's some more things . We have uh another thirty minutes , so then we're going to meet again . So you know what you have to what you have to do ?
C :  Okay .
D :  Okay .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Um for m for me uh the Marketing Expert , the user requirements uh specification , do I need to think as a user , a as a a a only the looks and the
B :  No , what you want to do with it .
A :  Yeah , I think this if you you have to n know if it's for s a T_V_ , a D_V_D_ player , all that things . Also from a user , but all these things together . Yeah , everything .
D :  Okay .
D :  Yeah , it's also about strength and uh for everything uh .
B :  Yeah , I also wrote down some stuff that you want on a
A :  Yeah , no maybe not not uh , that's not a f that's something for for for yeah . That's not for you .
B :  Technical fun fu
D :  Okay .
A :  Just if what's in the market , what's normal , uh what kind of uh buttons do you have .
B :  What do you want to do with your remote control , what do you need on your remote control . I already wrote some down , some ideas .
A :  Yeah , it's alright .
D :  Yep .
A :  Yeah , just is that okay ?
D :  Okay .
B :  Yep .
C :  Okay .
A :  Okay .
B :  There's already a document in the
B :  folder about it .
D :  Yeah , me too .
A :  So see you in thirty minutes .
D :  Okay , well done .
B :  Okay .
C :  Okay .
A :  For the next time you have to uh put it exactly on the square , so your laptop .
B :  I will .
D :  Oh Paul .
B :  It didn't say that .
A :  No , sorry .
B :  Your fault .
D :  Ciao .
D :  Bye bye .
B :  Bye bye .
