A : 
D :  I dunno .
D :  Throwing away my toothpick .
B :  Hi there .
A :  Yo .
A :  Ow .
A : 
D :  'Kay .
A :  Uh
D :  Nice user interface .
A :  Yeah .
A :  What the
A :  Uh
A :  Yeah well , ja well let's just start . I've uh made a presentation
D :  'Kay .
D :  Right let's see it .
A :  uh but uh I'll open it on the Smartboard , so we can all see it .
A :  So it's in the project documents because that's what we can find here .
A :  Well . Very nice .
A :  Well this is called the the the kick-off meeting . So uh I'm the Project Manager , so I had to fill it in , and uh hmm .
D :  'Kay .
A :  Oh sorry .
A :  And an uh a nice agenda .
A :  Uh we'll do the opening and then uh
A :  we'll meet each other , what uh we already do , so , that's not uh very much trouble . I'll I'll show you the
A :  the tools we have here , so that we can all use them . Then uh we'll look at the project plan from uh Real Reaction .
A :  We'll discuss about our first ideas about the project , and then uh we'll close the meeting , and then we can uh individually uh do our things and then uh we'll get back here . So this the opening we'll uh
A :  We have to uh design a new television remote control . You have heard that uh already I think , so . Um we want it to be original , so a nice uh a nice new design .
D :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Uh trendy , it's also for young people , and we have to just uh make it uh modern .
A :  And uh friendly , so size does matter . And uh
A :  Well it has to be a have the the right uh the right buttons on the right place , that kin those kind of things .
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Other uh
A :  There happen to be uh three stages . functional , conceptual , and d detailed design .
A :  Um so every time we we'll do some individual work , get meeting , talk about it , uh and then go into the next phase .
A :  That's just it .
A :  Um
A :  We have uh these two Smartboards .
A :  Um well as I just showed , there's a project management folder , a project document folder on the desktop . It just works exactly the same as a computer . You just uh click on the on the folder and you open the everything you you put in it with your laptop . So you can uh make uh Words Excel , everything .
A :  Um and the w the r uh the rest uh also works the same so uh when you open a notepad you uh you just get your uh things , you can uh draw . This is a uh well a drawing board .
A :  you have a these
A :  different uh functions on the board . You can see them there .
A :  So you have a a nice pen , and it's works just like a bal ball pen . This is just a .
A :  I want to uh
A :  Oh yeah . Of course w doesn't work any more .
C :  Maybe you should try to write on the on the big white uh Does it ? Yeah . It works .
A :  Yes I will eraser so .
C :  Wonderful .
A :  It's fantas fantastic . We can uh uh well you can save a file . So if uh we draw we have to save everything . Don't throw anything away .
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Uh just we can start a new one ,
A :  and we just go on , and don't throw anything away . Just uh let them all uh stand here .
A :  We can delete , but we don't do that . Um you can here select a pen , you can draw anything you want . It's a bit uh childish you have to write . It's not as fast as you w you know it , but it does work sometimes . Well it's just like a normal uh
C :  .
A :  paint . So it's gone .
C :  Alright , yep .
A :  Well we are designers , so we have to have a a more uh a Smartboard . So that's fantastic . Um well this uh speaks for itself .
A :  We going to try it .
A :  So um we all uh are going to uh draw a nice animal on this board , not my idea . Yes our your favourite . So um I'm to going to have to draw a kangaroo , but I'm going d I'm not going to . I'm just uh going to uh well draw a nice uh
D : 
D :  Alright , your favourite animal ?
D :  Grizzly bear .
A :  beast w I dunno what I'm going to design . Oh um doesn't oh .
C :  I hope this was part of the assignment and not uh your uh I hope this was part of the assignment and not uh your personal uh enjoyment .
A :  Yeah , 'kay .
A :  Hmm ?
A :  I just said it's not my idea but I am the Project Manager , and officially this is my idea . So what ?
D :  Yeah .
C :  I I I I understand . Alright .
D :  We're kinda losing time , though .
D :  We're losing time , but
A :  Ah the first the first meeting is just a bit uh loose , loosen up , a bit uh meeting each other well uh uh nice yeah . Sh
C :  so start
D :  Alright .
C :  Yep yes .
A :  I hope our Industrial Designer does this better because uh this is uh
C :  Don't uh count on it .
A :  No so a a few legs .
D :  Do we have to guess ? A hippo ? Yeah .
A :  Yes yes guess . Well I should make it an hippo now .
C :  I think it's a mouse or a rat .
A :  No I don't think so .
C :  Oh .
C :  Oh I know it .
A :  Well what is it , huh ?
C :  It's a hedgehog .
D :  I don't know how to call it . A hedgehog ?
A :  Yeah difficult English word . I didn't knew it myself .
D :  .
C :  Well I'm amazed uh about your uh drawing skills .
A :  Our characteristics sum it up . Well it's uh very uh painful those kind of thing . So we can uh just uh
C :  Yeah .
D : 
A :  We're going back and now uh our Industrial Designer can uh draw its uh most favourite animal . Huh .
C :  I am the Industrial Designer .
D :  Alright .
D :  Thank you .
C :  Chief , I am the Industrial Designer .
A :  Oh uh but this uh marketing designer .
C :  Yeah .
C :  I think
C :  It's pr it resembles the animal drawn by .
A :  what kind of animal is that then ?
D :  It's .
C :  I think can I say it ?
D :  Yeah sure .
A :  Uh it .
D :  It's a rabbit . Well
D :  Looks very nice , right ?
A :  Yeah .
C :  It looks amazing .
A :  No no no . What are you going to do ?
B :  We want to erase it .
A :  No no . No no save it and start a new uh save it
D :  Yes .
C :  These are very impor
A :  and start a new black uh doc a blank document .
C :  These are very important documents , of course , uh these drawings , uh
A :  Yeah well we have to save everything so now um the next one uh
D :  Yes uh right .
A :  and then save it and start an blank document .
D :  You go man .
B :  Thanks .
A :  Yeah . There's also different colours and different uh
A :  well pen widths uh the line the the thickness thickness . So um well you should uh try it but uh
D :  Alright .
D :  I should have made mine a white rabbit .
A :  Well y y y you could have but uh .
C :  And he deliberately draws a animal we don't know the English word for .
A :  It speaks for itself .
A :  What the uh just a duck .
C :  It looks like an uh
C :  It looks like that beast from Sesame Street .
A :  Nice .
D :  .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Big bird .
A :  Is it a duck ?
D :  You're standing in front of it , I can't see it . Alright , thank you . Yeah it's a bird , but what kind of bird ?
C :  It's it's uh
A :  Is it a plane ?
A :  It doesn't draw uh circles uh that easy uh .
C :  Do we have to uh
D :  You have to push harder .
A :  Yeah just a bit a bit childish , a bit .
B :  Mm .
C :  But we have uh do we have to name the specific species of the bird ?
D :  Release your anger .
B :  Uh no I don't . It's just a bird .
C :  No ?
A :  Well uh save the document and then uh
C :  Well wonderful .
A :  And then a a new blank document for .
A :  uh will uh choose a new colour and a new pen width so w we can all see it . No well first yeah . And then you go to format I think , and current colour you choose a new colour . And a new pen width uh also format .
B :  Here you go .
C :  Why do I have to do the difficult tasks ? Uh pen yeah that's .
C :  Uh current colour .
C :  I like uh oh they don't have pink . Oh b oh think this is uh
B :  Mm .
A :  It's not like in paint . Line width . And you can choose a nice one . Width width . With each other .
C :  Uh ? Uh
C :  Line width .
B :  Width .
C :  Uh fifteen . And I can draw ?
B :  Hmm .
A :  Yeah .
A :  So . Just a wa that's the way we do it's quite easy .
C :  Uh
D :  Hmm .
A :  Mm-hmm . Oh Pussy .
B :  It's a pussy cat .
D :  It's a cat .
C :  Oh the line width is too thick , but oh well .
A :  Well then you change it .
A :  And erase things .
C :  Uh .
A :  What ? Super pig .
D :  It's a pig .
C :  It smiles nicely .
C :  Now I have to change the line width .
C :  Uh one .
A :  So
C :  These are whiskers , you know .
A :  Yeah yeah yeah we know .
D :  Right .
C :  Uh well I think it's obvious right now .
A :  Yes alright . It's a cat .
D :  No it looks great .
C :  Miaow .
C :  Well if this isn't obvious
A :  Well well um
D :  Just save it .
C :  I'll save it alright uh save .
A :  Yeah save it and start a new blank document .
C :  Uh yeah uh blank .
A :  Yep . So that's uh what we're going to use when we uh need it . Well it's terrific , eh ?
C :  Well I feel comfortable now . Thanks for this exercise .
D :  Oh great .
D :  It's good for group spirit .
C :  I feel totally at ease .
A :  Yeah that's it . We're one big happy family now . Well then uh the serious uh stuff .
B :  It certainly is .
C :  Yeah something like that .
A :  We're we want to sell it at twenty five Euros internationally um so um but we dunno what exactly th i it is in dollars , but uh twenty five Euros .
A :  Our profit aim is , worldwide , fifty million Euros .
C :  So
A :  So I didn't uh exactly uh calculate how much we have to sell . we want to keep it our costs at twelve and a half Euros so , keep uh that in mind when we uh talk about our uh materials an f and stuff , and uh marketing uh research .
D :  Right .
C :  Alright .
A :  Now then we all uh we can uh sit down and discuss uh what do we think about our current remote controls , first about design uh about uh aim in the market
A :  etcetera ? Well uh we c we can sit down uh because uh presentation can wait . We can uh take notes and uh
D :  Right .
A :  Well who has uh some uh remarks about the current uh remote controls ?
C :  Well I I didn't have to prepare anything about uh it's not , it's it's not my task to uh talk about uh experience with current remote controls , but uh
A :  Please ?
A :  No uh I did .
A :  Well uh just w we're uh four uh if we if we would just have one then
D :  I think it's im it's important to uh look at uh the remote controls of our competitors .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Get the good points uh try to merge them into one universal remote control . On our corporate site I saw uh a new D_V_D_ player uh we're gonna produce . Maybe it's important to make it compatible with the D_V_D_ player
A :  Yeah yeah .
A :  Yep .
A :  That's alright .
A :  That would be a nice idea , yes .
D :  so you can uh use your television and your D_V_D_ player with the same uh remote control .
A :  Yep yep yep .
D :  Furthermore it's important to make it uh acceptable for the whole world , for different cultures , maybe , because we want to we want to well fifty million ?
A :  Yes fifty million is our aim to a profit , so .
C :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Yeah yeah so a lot of people have to be able to use it .
C :  No but uh the b the buttons have to uh have to have uh international recognisable buttons and uh
D :  So
B :  Easy to learn .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah that's right .
C :  and numbers and uh that every culture in uh , yeah , people in every country can recognise .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yes .
B :  Yeah .
A :  I'll make uh notes and then uh maybe uh well I'll put it in the project uh folder when I'm done uh just now . Well yeah ?
D :  Mm-hmm .
B :  I also think we should not add too many buttons . Modern day uh remotes have too much buttons I think .
C :  Alright .
D :  Right .
A :  No that's right .
A :  Y y you don't use uh the half of them that's that's culture uh international .
B :  Precisely .
D :  Maybe we could make one button to switch between D_V_D_ player and T_V_ and make the other buttons uh multi-functional or something .
B :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah indeed .
A :  Yes .
C :  Yeah so it doesn't uh become too complicated with too much buttons and uh
D :  Yeah right .
A :  Yep , and maybe we do uh we even have uh more than just a D_V_D_ player . Don't we have uh other uh ou
B :  Yeah we should make it compatible perhaps with everything we use , we uh we make ?
C :  And stereo uh s uh audio installations .
A :  Uh .
A :  We also uh just uh released a T_F_T_ uh thing I saw .
D :  Yeah so but th that's kind kind of standard T_ television so it also works on that .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yep .
B :  And I think the people who who will buy our uh remote already have some experience with remotes . So we can keep that in mind .
C :  Most people do , yeah .
A :  Well yeah .
C :  It doesn't it doesn't have to be
A :  It doesn't have to be , but we can .
B :  W well it's a n it's a new remote and you don't buy a remote if you don't have anything to uh to control with it .
A :  Well except if we deliver it together with our D_V_D_ .
D :  Yeah but
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah alright , but
D :  We need to to keep it consistent with other d uh
A :  Yeah because we look at competitors and w if we pick up the good things about that and give it a nice design
C :  Well .
C :  Hmm .
D :  Yeah but it's it has to be useable .
C :  It has to be different and familiar at the same time .
A :  Yes .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah . Yeah we could use another form or shape or colour , that kind of things .
A :  Yep .
C :  yeah the shape will will have to be recognised . I thought about uh like most uh remote controls uh are uh a long box shaped thing you can make it uh triangle shaped , but that's not uh very recognisable .
A :  Yeah .
D :  No .
B :  Well we we could make more more oval or something , and and
C :  Oval ?
A :  N we can use uh it as a as a game pad . So one hand has the beer , so the other hand uh
C :  I
B :  Yeah or so
C :  Mm .
B :  Well yeah it's new .
D :  .
D :  Not with two hands .
D :  Yeah yeah yeah , right . No
B :  but young people want something different and it is
A :  Well i we already uh one of our aims is that it has to be original and trendy so
D :  Yeah but it's quite important that it fits .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Oh but it ha it has to be m yeah . But you still have to know it's a remote and not another
B :  Yeah alright .
A :  Well there has been done a lot of researches about remotes uh we have to we can imagine uh because it's a long time uh on the market . So the the form will have been uh tested out so
C :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah so the long box uh shaped thing must be uh , yeah , useful
A :  Yes .
C :  or else uh they would have been ano another shape .
A :  Well for me personally I have a a lot of remotes uh at home but those ones that have a a round ending and uh well uh just an uh square uh middle I don't like to use them . I have uh have to it has to fit my hands . When it falls over it and I just have and then the button that I use most has to be here .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
D :  It shouldn't be boxy .
C :  Yeah . Yeah a lo the long box shape yeah . You have to use one hand .
A :  It f it fits your hands and then you just push the button that you use most with thumb .
D :  Nah
D :  I don't agree with the long box uh shape it it has to be custom made for the hand .
C :  Why not ?
B :  Yeah it doesn't fit .
A :  Tho tho those new D_V_D_ players on the market do have those .
D :  Yeah .
C :  But it does fit in the hand if you hold it like this , and you can make it another shape , but then you have
D :  Yeah but if you shape it
B :  No if y if you look at new Phillips uh D_V_D_ with their uh remotes pl players they they are the new remotes aren't box shaped . They're all um
D :  If
A :  D_V_D_ players . Yes .
C :  W no w what else ? I di
D :  No that's ol old fashioned .
B :  Well
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah well but uh what what what do you suggest then ?
D :  I can imagine that us
B :  Yes uh
B :  Well most of of them are are somewhat thicker at the end , and get um yeah thinner towards the uh the other end .
D :  Well
D :  Yeah right .
D :  It fits in your palms .
C :  Hmm . Well but it's still then uh the the long box , uh but then with some uh round uh round forms in it to fit your hand , but it's it's still
B :  Mm .
B :  Yeah it
D :  Hmm ?
A :  Well
A :  A it h it has it it has a that's tha th th shape that it fits your hand . That's
D :  Um .
C :  Yeah yeah al alright but but it's still it's still sort of box , yeah . It it has round forms but it in the end it's still the box , so that's what I mean .
D :  .
D :  Well
B :  Yeah yea
D :  Yeah but it has it has to fit your hand . It shouldn't be too boxy , you know . It's
C :  Yeah yeah I understand , but no no I don't mean an entire box like completely square but a also with round edges of course , but in in in at the end it's still this long
B :  Hmm .
D :  No no no .
B :  .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah it should be
C :  box shape with convenient uh round uh shapes uh
D :  Right maybe something like this or and then a button here to switch between different systems like D_V_D_ player and so you can I've
C :  to fit .
C :  Yeah yes I thought about something like that .
C :  Yeah .
C :  A big recognisable button on top or something .
D :  Yeah right , and I do think we have to keep this kind of idea
B :  Yeah .
D :  with the with the numbers and
A :  We have five minutes left . So
C :  The buttons should uh also be not too small , not too big , of course , and uh n uh uh not too close uh together .
D :  Right .
A :  Yes uh that's yep .
D :  But it should be possible to to um make it
D :  ap apparent that there are two functions for every button . So there has to be some space between the buttons . Yeah .
A :  Yep .
C :  Uh-huh .
C :  Yeah of course uh to uh to uh to have icons to explain the different functions . Yeah .
D :  Yeah right right , and maybe we should use colours .
C :  Colours , yeah .
B :  Yeah maybe we can um just like on cell phones those um well you can you can put on on them , and so you can customise your uh your own remote with different colours or or special paint jobs I dunno but
D :  Yeah .
A :  Ha .
D :  That's kinda trendy .
D :  Yeah right .
A :  Sound nice . Yes .
C :  I think we have to talk also about uh the the materials for um
B :  Well
A :  Well it's just uh about our first ideas now so I think individually we'll have to uh come up with ideas for the next meeting about these materials and markets etcetera . Yes ?
C :  .
D :  Right .
D :  But
D :  I think it's uh it's important to uh notate all the the decisions that we make , so we
C :  Already thought about something tha
A :  Yes .
A :  Well thirty minutes we have . So um
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  This is about uh what we are going to uh do uh . You'll get specific instructions when you're back in your room so uh it's uh logical uh . I think .
D :  Yeah .
B :  .
D :  No problem .
A :  Oh and uh that's uh that's all . So we'll just get a notice that the the meeting is uh over . Yeah yes say .
C :  Yeah now we can still talk about the material , we have some some minutes left uh I w wrote down uh that the case should be plastic of course , hard plastic , the buttons should be uh rubbery I think uh .
B :  Mm .
D :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah it shouldn't be too heavy .
B :  .
C :  No n n
B :  .
A :  Well I have had remotes that um they had uh the function of the buttons was about uh uh a layer over the buttons and when I've had use it much it was gone . So it has to be made in the buttons I think . It has to uh not be loose .
B :  Yeah that's bad , yeah .
D :  Yeah yeah yeah .
B :  Yeah that's important .
C :  Mm . Alright . And of course there are several electrical cables in it to uh to connect things uh to each other .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Is there an a universal uh universal way of um transmitting from the remote to the television so it's all about uh
D :  Yeah it's univ yeah yeah yeah .
C :  I think so . It's a a common stan standard way infrared beams an infrared beam I think .
A :  It's not that in China it's different ?
D :  Yep .
A :  Yeah .
A :  But y you can have uh of course different between D_V_D_s and televisions and between
D :  And you can use
C :  It it's a we we make an a universal remote so it ha has to work with uh all kinds of brands and things .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
B :  But our T_V_s are mostly made in China and that sort of country , so
A :  Probably yes . China rules .
C :  And have well yeah I've wrote something down about how it works . The user presses a button and with an infrared beam it signals the television set accordingly , but that's pretty obvious , I think .
D :  But are
D :  Are we going w uh with the front uh fronts uh idea ?
A :  Well I think uh w we can look into that in the in the next uh thirty minutes . Yeah .
D :  I think we should make it universal and you can always use a front front on it , you know ? You can use it just plain but you can
A :  Yes .
B :  .
D :  To make it more trendy .
A :  Well j just y you get a n a normal front with it , but you can change them uh when you buy the
B :  Yeah .
D :  Right .
B :  Yes . Yes .
D :  Right .
A :  And we should uh dispatch those kind of fronts fronts a a around the world so uh
B :  Mm .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Well you can make profit with them , and it's a way to make them trendy .
A :  Well th those fifty million don't uh don't se sells itself so we have to uh make uh some extra effort like fronts uh .
C :  Well but th but the standard front will be uh just grey or something uh b a simple colour not not very flashy .
D :  Yeah right .
B :  Yeah alright .
B :  Yeah normal .
A :  Yes . Yeah well it has to it h it has to fit the the te television and D_V_D_ set we are going to sell , so if they are uh black and black black and silver we'll make them black and silver so
B :  No a colour everyone accepts .
B :  Mm .
C :  Pink television sets pink remote , .
B :  Mm .
D :  Yeah yeah yeah .
B :  Yeah .
B :  standard .
D :  But people of often don't like bright colours or something . We have to make it grey or s or black .
A :  .
B :  Well young people s li
D :  Yeah but then you can use a a front .
B :  Yeah yeah , yeah .
C :  Alright .
A :  Yeah .
C :  I must not forget my pen the next time .
A :  Well if if you yeah . If you have a a a television room for little children and you make a if if you buy a a pink front they'll they'll love it . I think .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah that's right .
D :  Yeah or a t Teletubby front . Yeah yeah yeah . I will investigate .
A :  But that's uh marketing uh research you can uh you can ask uh .
A :  Yes .
A :  Well our user interface you can uh maybe uh I don't know what your specific instructions will be , but uh probably about uh the precision of the buttons and and those kind of things and what buttons will have to be on the
A :  uh remote . And you will look into the technical design and um form , I think .
C :  Mm yeah also the the look and feel uh of the the remote's also my task , yeah .
A :  Or something like that .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Right .
B :  What's the uh url or the website 'cause I didn't
C :  Yeah I uh w was wondering that too . Y you went to the company website .
A :  Euro ? Well it it it's if you uh
B :  get
D :  It's
D :  Yeah yeah yeah just if you start up your Internet Explorer
B :  Yeah .
C :  It's the the the start uh starting page uh
B :  Oh oh right oh well I didn't uh use it .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Finish meeting now . Oh alright . Well uh we're going to back uh back into our rooms so
B :  Yes .
B :  Next meeting is in
D :  Well that's great .
A :  In thirty minutes , but uh I think it will be you will be warned uh through your laptop uh to get over here . I'll have to restore my uh my desktop uh because uh it's it's the half of the normal size .
D :  Thirty minutes .
B :  Thirty minutes .
B :  Yeah alright it's it's handy to know
C :  Very handy to know .
D :  It's totally broken .
C :  Right see you in half an hour then .
A :  Oh right , oh . Ma
B :  Oh . Goodbye .
D :  Oh
A :  W that was a nice meeting .
D :  .
B :  .
C :  Right uh see you in thirty minutes then .
A :  Yeah , see you .
