B :  That's the same as uh on the top of it uh with the the round uh button . But uh we don't uh we don't uh we do think it's um well what if with ease of use , w which prefers the which the the customer of the user prefers .
C :  Like this one .
C :  It's important .
C :  Uh I think th this is device which which has a learning curve . Um novice users u use this device as uh normal users use uh a c a remote control . And after a while they start to develop uh some skills in the the voice recognition functions , and then they will not use this dial as often . But other users who are new to this device need something like that . They n they need to understand what uh how to change channels and uh change the volume , so it's easier for them
A :  Okay .
A :  Could could I see the scroll bar as uh as as a sort of shortcut ?
C :  Yeah , maybe so . Yes , it's
A :  A a and the voice recognition as well , th maybe you could uh could uh
C :  Well , it's it's it's another approach , it's more that our um . There are there are many ways of doing uh things uh on such a device . It's it's quite easy .
A :  Yeah . Okay . Okay , good . And and the case is is rubber ?
C :  Yes , rubber ?
A :  And the buttons ?
B :  Plastic or rubber . Well , yeah .
C :  There are plastic or rubber .
A :  Okay , and uh the colouring ?
C :  Uh yellow with uh
A :  with with grey or black .
C :  grey or black or something like that . Whatever cost uh cost uh the least .
A :  Okay , we'll we'll come to that later . Um
A :  okay . Anything else to add or
C :  No . Uh maybe we should uh think about these buttons . But
A :  Yeah .
D :  Well , you could use two of them to programme the um channels on the two channel button , 'cause you have to assign two channel new channels .
C :  Yes , but it but these are tasks that are only executed once , I think . Or not ?
A :  M uh yeah . M m but maybe you do want a programme button to uh for example activate the voice recognition , or train the voice voice recognition .
D :  You
C :  Well okay . Okay , yeah , that's right . Or something li like that .
B :  And a button for disabling the voice recognition .
A :  Yeah al although by pressing the button for I n don't know two , three seconds , you could also say it you'd disable it with a little beep and and but o okay , that that's not really really important .
C :  Yes .
B :  Yeah .
B :  That's the basic idea , yeah .
A :  The basic okay .
B :  Of our prototype .
A :  Okay . Um you thought of some evaluation crit criteria ?
D :  Yes .
A :  Okay .
D :  Uh my name is not name but
A :  You are nameless .
D :  Uh well , I used the the uh documents .
D :  And these uh
D :  were the most important criteria .
C :  Is it spongy ?
D :  It should be . yeah , that's uh how the fashion guys uh state it . Fancy look and feel . So
B :  So just walk through it step by step . I mean , is it fancy , everything I believe uh
D :  Uh well appar
B :  I believe it's fancy .
C :  I believe it's fancy too .
D :  Yeah , but apparently uh we shouldn't evaluate yet . So
A :  No .
B :  Oh , sorry .
C :  Okay .
A :  Okay , so this these are the cr uh the criteria .
D :  Yeah , I think these are the most important criteria .
A :  Okay , well
D :  So uh that's about it .
A :  the then we'll switch to my presentation . Um
A :  The production costs . The costs are not under
A :  Can I
A :  Um this is the
B :  Twenty two .
A :  Yeah , it's it's w way above um uh above the the the twelve Euro fifty . And what makes it very expensive is uh for example the solar cell . So I guess we should skip that , because it's not that important .
B :  Yikes .
C :  Well it's very expensive .
C :  Okay .
B :  Why does the price and and the s oh , one uh exa yeah .
A :  Yeah , the the price , the the number of items and the the sum . Um well , this is what I would call our luxury model . Um if you would if you look at the uh w w w what we could do to make it more um
B :  The number of uh yeah .
C :  Okay .
B :  And and does it
A :  to make it just between the twelve Euro fifty , um then I
A :  did the following changes . Twelve Euro forty cents I came up with by leaving out the solar cells , um by not using the voice recognition feature , because it's uh it's a four Euro uh addition to the price . Um
C :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Yeah , I believe
A :  Uh , push-button , well
A :  It makes it the thirteen yeah .
A :  Push-buttons are buttons are are not the most expensive , but do add extra cost . So um yeah , th this design is not um
C :  Hmm .
A :  within our price model .
C :  Okay .
A :  Um
C :  But I'm afraid it's not complete . Because we use spec uh specic uh special materials , the last item . And you have not added one item there .
A :  Yeah .
C :  So it's c way too expensive .
A :  It's still too expensive , yeah . Um
B :  But that's that's only for the buttons . So the button we can use plastic .
A :  I I guess if we leave the if we leave this one out , um oh .
A :  And uh maybe not use the special form .
B :  And the pla uh
B :  And a plastic b just plastic buttons , a plas uh instead of rubber .
C :  But it
A :  It becomes a very dull remote control , I know . But it's the board decision . Um
C :  Yes .
A :  And um yeah .
C :  Well , b basically it when when this is our only option , we should even consider changing the casing , because I think there's very little added value in uh an enhanced case with these dull functions . So
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , I know . Maybe we should look at an uh focus on another uh
C :  Type of m maybe another market segment .
A :  Yeah , m uh maybe not not all that fancy , but just way way more easy uh uh um basic and uh m maximise the profits and um
C :  Yeah .
C :  Yes .
C :  That's maybe that's better . Maybe we could uh we should go for straight and simple , but that's not what uh has been asked .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
A :  I know , I know .
C :  So we should kick the board's uh Well
A :  Yeah . Although I think we yeah , but we could still make uh a remote control that ap uh um applies um more to young people uh by giving it another colour already . Um so it is possible to make uh uh a device that attracts a little bit more to young people .
C :  Hmm .
C :  Yes .
A :  Um but uh I agree it's it's not a fancy high-tech uh device . Definitely not , no .
A :  It's not that innovative . Or however you s pronounce that . Um so , okay .
B :  Yeah , too bad .
A :  Um
A :  Oh , this is the wrong one .
A :  So uh that means redesign .
A :  We do not have the time o uh now to to redesign the product . Um but we can evaluate the process and um uh
B :  Mm-hmm .
A :  uh the satisfaction on how things went . Um I'm not sure if we need to evaluate uh the device first .
A :  I guess
D :  Um well , since we're not gonna manufacture it anyway
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , that's true .
C :  Well , maybe it's good to do it anyway , because if we evaluate it , we we can also determine if our objectives are good . So
A :  We l we can learn .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
A :  I agree . Well
C :  Is it fancy ?
A :  I d it is it is
D :  Uh
D :  Yay .
D :  Is it ?
D :  Is it fancy ?
A :  Yeah , I think so .
B :  Um the yellow rubber , I think so .
C :  I think so .
A :  You like the rubber , uh Roo .
B :  I'm into it .
D :  So uh one ?
A :  Yeah . No , I'll I'll I'll give it a two .
C :  But it's not that fancy .
C :  I mean
C :  I think uh I think it would have been more fancy if we used the titanium housing the casing . It would be even more oh , you really like titanium . I'm I'm into it .
A :  You like tita
A :  That's a flavour as well .
C :  It has flavour . Yes , that's right . You should taste it .
A :  Right . Um
D :  Is it uh
A :  Yeah , I know , but but it but that's fancy in the way um
A :  I mean fancy has has a lot of
C :  It has to do with fashion , I guess . So do
A :  Yeah .
B :  It's trendy trendy , fun yeah .
D :  And w yeah , w what they want wanted was uh colours and soft materials . So in that way
A :  Yeah .
A :  It applies . It yeah .
D :  It it's fancy .
B :  Well , just give it a two .
C :  Okay .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Yes . I think I th I think it would have been I would have think uh it could have been more fancy by using the double-curved case . It would have been even more fancy , but we decided not to , because if we use a double-curved case , we could not use solar . So
B :  It's not the ultimate uh fancy two , but
B :  Yeah , but that's sti that's uh
B :  Looking at the user uh needs , we only uh don't we don't have the double-curved case . We w we do have uh the rubber , we do have the colours . That's two out of three .
C :  Yes .
B :  So I believe uh we are close uh to two .
A :  Yeah , I I agree .
C :  Yes , I agree too . It's okay . We did yes , we did good .
D :  Okay , and uh was it
D :  innovative ?
A :  Well , with the voice recognition feature and uh
B :  But that's not in it . Ov or can we
D :  Yep .
C :  Well , let's let's this product .
A :  No , we are evaluating this this uh design now .
B :  Okay .
C :  So I I I think it is . I think it's innovative .
A :  This prototype .
A :  Yeah .
B :  And the scroll uh wheel . The solar not many remotes
B :  have the solar , I think .
C :  No . It could have been a little bit more innovative u by using the kinetic uh energy source , but it's it's way too yes , but
D :  Yeah , and uh
A :  That would have been a thrill .
D :  So uh also a uh two ?
C :  I think uh it's a two .
A :  Yep .
D :  Is it easy to use ?
A :  I'm not sure .
B :  Yeah .
A :  I'm not sure .
B :  Well yeah , the voice recognition of course is hard to learn , I think .
B :  Well , hard it's not for the for the e for the elderly .
C :  Well , but there are two parts in this remote control . What you see here is is the basic part . Everybody can use it , so that's easy to use . That's for a novice user . When you have a more advanced , elaborate user , well , such a user really would like to explore all these additional functions .
B :  They won't use it .
A :  Yeah .
C :  So in that in that way it is advanced ,
A :  Yeah .
C :  and I think it's easy to use for for both uh types of users .
B :  I think
C :  So uh
C :  It's maybe it's not very uh easy for
B :  I think a three . Wouldn't give it more .
A :  Uh I'm doubting doubting as well . Um
D :  Well the p the most important function is easy to use .
A :  Yeah .
D :  The the zapping , channel switching , volume .
D :  But the more advanced functions are probably
D :  a bit harder .
A :  Okay . Uh two or three ? Three ? Wha wh what would be your guess ? I mean ease of use um does not only apply to the most basic functions . It's the uh it's it's overall . Is the device easy to use ?
C :  Okay .
C :  Yeah , that's right . You're right in that , but I I guess uh an advanced user will will find the voice recognition function easy to use ,
A :  Yeah .
C :  because he is already he or she is already an advanced user . So
A :  Yeah .
C :  After all , I think personally I would give a two . But
A :  Um
A :  Okay . Uh Roo , a three ? Ruud ?
B :  Yep .
D :  Good question .
D :  Uh I'll go uh for the two .
A :  Okay .
C :  So , it's two , two and three . Two threes . So that's ten .
A :  So I could make it e easy ?
B :  If you make it a four it will be three in general .
C :  So that's w
C :  No , two and a half .
B :  If he makes it a four .
C :  Six and four . Six and four is ten . Divided by four is two and a half .
B :  Not a three .
C :  So
B :  Darn . Nee .
D :  Hmm ? Huh ?
C :  Yes .
A :  Roo .
B :  A seven , a three No . A four and a three together . Yeah , you have a two , he has a two . Three ? And a three ? Nee . I know .
D :  Yeah . I yeah .
C :  Four ?
D :  Yeah , two , two , three
C :  Two ?
A :  No , I haven't said anything yet .
D :  No .
A :  Okay , but if I would say a three , then it's six , and four is ten . Divided by four is two point five .
C :  Divided by four .
B :  Yes . So if you want to have the conclusion as a three three . Then you would make a four . If you fill out a four
A :  But I'm filling in a three . Does it will so it will be a two point five .
C :  That's not even
C :  But that's not possible to fill in , so we have to round it .
A :  Yes , it is . I have a veto . Exactly . It's not about the content , it's about okay , um is it easy to f
D :  Is it easy to find ?
A :  Yeah , definitely .
C :  Yes .
B :  Yeah , we haven't re uh re uh really worked it out , but you c you can you can just say find and he repeats find .
C :  It it most definitely is it's very easy .
A :  Yeah , or beeps or yeah .
B :  Yeah , but that's the that's the the basic idea of the the speaker uh
C :  Yes .
C :  Maybe Uh I I think I think something like that . Maybe you have to uh programme it once , so to that l respond to uh a certain word or a certain sentence , something like where are you , and then it will sing I'm here . So something like that . So , I th
A :  I'm here , I'm here .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
B :  But even without it
A :  Yeah .
A :  Well , I uh we should not uh stay too long on this subject uh because of the time , but I personally give it a one . Um Sebastian ?
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , me too .
B :  Me too .
D :  Yeah , I agree .
A :  Right , well . The feel of the remote control is spongy . Well , uh it can't be more spongy . So
C :  Well , it can be . There are cases um in which the outside casing is um can be uh how d how do you prono is is moldable . No , it's not one of our option , but when you look in the market , when you look
B :  Was it one of our options ?
D :  No . Uh this this was a most spongy option .
A :  No okay , but but
B :  So , in the in
A :  for the options given , it's the most spongy one .
C :  Uh yes , but that's not that's not uh what they are talking about , I think . Because we compare all these uh characteristics characteristics with uh market uh with with the real market . So there are uh remote controls out there which are a lot more spongy . They're out there . Yes , but it's not good enough , so it's a two .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah . Yeah .
A :  They're out there . Yeah .
B :  But I think in this case in this case we've done the best we could .
A :  I'll give it a one .
B :  I wan I'll take one .
C :  You take one ? What do you give it ?
D :  Well yeah , it depends , 'cause it's the most spongy we could but yeah .
A :  Yeah , I know , but you have to name a fig uh a number .
A :  Because we need to go on in for the time .
D :  Well , if I give it a one
B :  It will be a one .
D :  there'll be one hell of a calculation . So I'll just give it a two and make this a one point five .
C :  No no no . Uh I'll I'll change it , I'll make it m my my mark will be a four .
A :  You are okay . The remote control offers enough features . Well , Ruud , what what do you think about it ?
D :  Well , the basic layout doesn't offem offer much , but the voice recognition could add a lot . So
C :  Basically it's it's completely programmable . You can add very m much functionality by uh using the voice recognition mode .
D :  Yeah , depends .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , I know . What what we didn't talk about is um uh
C :  So it's quite advanced .
B :  Yeah , but it ha doesn't has the digits . I believe it's
B :  If you uh ask yourself it offers enough features , I don't I don't think
B :  it is it has all the features um a normal remote has .
A :  I think it has .
D :  Uh depends on what you uh implement in the speech feat
A :  Yeah . Bec because you can um we didn't talk about it , but you do have uh remote controls that are able to adapt another signal . So , you place a a regular uh remote control in front of the other one , hit the one or the two or the three , whatever , and it r records the uh the um the the signals . So you could uh uh uh
C :  Yes .
C :  Has uh the signals sent to it .
D :  Signal .
B :  Yeah .
A :  enter any comment you like , as long it's able to as long as our device is able to reproduce the infrared signal .
A :  So I think th this uh this is uh a a remote control with a very high level of features . Although there are i a few buttons , but the inside is is quite uh advanced .
C :  Absolutely .
C :  Yes .
C :  But that that's its power , I guess , because uh a regular programmable uh remote control contains , well , uh really a lot of buttons . At at least uh forty buttons . So it's it's quite s complicated to get uh to get used to . And this is quite s simple . You can use your voice to to programme it . It's
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yep .
A :  Yeah . Okay , um let's give it a number . I'll give it uh a one . For for the for this t uh type of market , I think it's a one .
B :  I'll give a two .
C :  Yeah , I'll give it a one .
D :  Um I think think a one , 'cause v with a voice recognition you could add anything you want , so that's like um
C :  Yes . I I've I think we've uh succe succeed in in developing a product that's actually quite good , but not for this kind of market , and not for this kind of price . So
A :  Yeah . So high quality , low acceptance .
C :  Hmm .
A :  The product is is is uh b high qua uh has a high quality and and is uh advanced . But
C :  Yes .
A :  whether or not our clients are are um willing to pay twenty five Euros for this kind of device is doub is well , is not sure . D do you agree ?
C :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Yes , I agree . I
D :  Maybe even because it doesn't look advanced .
A :  Yeah . Maybe we should have a radar uh function .
C :  Yeah , okay . But
C :  Yes .
B :  But we could couldn't uh what what's the selling price ? Fifty ? Uh twenty five .
A :  Twenty five Euros .
B :  And costs were twelve fifty . But even now , if only our production costs w uh were exceeded the double ,
A :  Yeah .
B :  Think . Production cost was were t uh was twenty two ?
A :  Mm-hmm .
B :  So uh selling price uh would be uh yeah .
C :  M about fifty Euros .
C :  That's quite ex well , it's not it's not very expensive for a remote control that that has this functionality .
B :  That's price , but w w
B :  No . An original remote control of any T_V_ kind , uh a Phillips remote control , y you pay uh
C :  Yes , it's more than fifty Euros . It's quite expensive , yes .
B :  Yeah , I kn I know uh from a few years ago , it it it costed hundred Gilders .
A :  Bu but well yeah , I know , but you're paying for th for the brand , because there are uh remote controls which control your stereo , television , D_V_D_ , C_D_ player , for under twenty five Euros .
C :  Yes . Yes , but you can you c
C :  Yes , but you can learn this thing , all these functions . And it's easier to use because those uh remote controls don't offer voice recognition and this one does . So I think it's worth its price .
A :  Yeah .
A :  .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Okay . Um you had an overall rating . Um
D :  Yeah , but uh with these ratings uh
A :  That's counting .
C :  Well , it's it's about one point five . Something like that .
D :  should be about one point s seven , yeah .
B :  Four six seven eight .
A :  Okay .
B :  Nine divided by six .
A :  Okay . Um we'll go further on with the the rest of the evaluation .
A :  About the project itself , not about the product .
A :  Um
A :  What did you think about uh
A :  the process , the project process ?
A :  Ruud ?
A :  Try to translate that .
C :  Well
B :  Hmm .
A :  Any any other Uh , Roo ?
C :  Well , I think
B :  Yeah , I think uh
A :  Roo .
B :  The process was good .
B :  But w um we weren't aware of the prices of the costs . And and that was the the big deal . I if we knew that before , we c we could have made the the choice between what yeah .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Mm .
C :  Actually , we had
A :  Better decision .
C :  Yes . We had we had too little information actually . So And uh um the the the well , looking at room for creativity , there was
A :  Yeah .
C :  w way too the the choice of components was way too narrow . So there was not really a process of uh
A :  Less .
A :  Yeah .
A :  So we could we we could be we could've been creative . But um it was tempered by the choice of components and the the price .
C :  Well
C :  Yes .
D :  The prices .
C :  Well , in the first meeting we we already were very creative . We we thought of possibilities who are not possible uh with the the current uh offer of uh manufacturing components . So
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
C :  We're tempered by that , yes .
A :  Okay , Roo ?
A :  Any other thoughts on that ?
B :  No , no .
A :  Ruud ?
D :  I agree .
A :  You agree , okay . Uh leadership . Okay , Roo's on for his promotion .
B :  Fantastic .
C :  Yeah , okay .
A :  Okay .
C :  I think we're a good team .
A :  I think so too , it's it's it's uh of course a laboratory environment . I missed it um to be able to contact you in between and uh say uh , hey Roo uh . Um
C :  Yes .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Well , I tried once , but that was not allowed .
A :  Yeah . So um
A :  Yeah , but but si uh w w w when taken in account the the situation , uh I think we performed pretty well .
C :  I think so too .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah . Um the means , the SMARTboard , the digital pen . Did you like 'em ?
C :  Uh . The digital pen was okay , but SMARTboard was really bad . It it's
B :  Yeah .
A :  Because of the response or
C :  The response is very slow and the possibilities are very limited . It's not accurate .
B :  Response and
A :  Okay .
B :  Uh it it has yeah . Yeah , it's not accurate . The p the pointing of the pen is not um the place where it it writes its um uh where it uh
A :  Uh
D :  Draws .
B :  Yeah , where it draws . It's uh the drawing on on the b on the board is r right from the pen .
A :  Okay , so it it had to be um
B :  So uh
B :  You to take in account that your you m yeah uh
A :  better aligned , or what's the word ? Uh yeah .
C :  Maybe it's it needs to be calibrateds .
B :  It's too slow
A :  It it was calibrated just before this meeting . Uh the one before , the third meeting . So uh it's not the calibration , it's the thing itself , I think . Uh Ruud , w uh did you use the pen a lot ? Or not at all ? Not at all .
C :  It is ? Okay .
C :  Okay .
B :  Hmm .
D :  No . Not really .
A :  Okay . I thought it was quite a handy uh thing , although I would like to see um O_C_R_ .
C :  I I think so too .
C :  Yes .
B :  Yep .
C :  Yes .
B :  If it has O_C_R_ , uh I think uh I would use , but uh I I just uh took notes for myself and and and that's it . It w it w yeah . It was necessary for me to uh
A :  Yeah .
A :  To digitise them .
B :  Yeah , because if I want something on the computer , I just type it . I type faster than I write . So
A :  Yeah .
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Yeah .
C :  But I think it's a great solution for uh for uh a known problem , uh writing down some notes , some some inf uh information , and then um forgetting your notebook somewhere and losing all that information . Because you have everything in one place and it's quite easy quite easy it's it's possible to make this information digital and share it with others in a quite easy way . I think it's a good product . I only think it's th the the shape of the pen is too big . It's not quite uh ergonomic .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Economic .
C :  Eco ergonomic .
A :  I know .
A :  Yeah . Okay . Um
A :  What w Uh Ruud , what did you think about the SMARTboards ?
D :  Oh , I only use it to draw a rabbit , so can't say much about it .
A :  Yeah . Okay , you can't really decide . No . I missed a feature to easily select uh a slide and uh distribute it to the laptops . I think that would be very easy if you could say okay , I want to use this for my own work or my own presentation further on or
C :  Yes .
D :  No , or the other way around .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Or the other way around , that you could show but m
C :  Yes , yes .
B :  But y you can if you save this image , you can open it in your shared work folder . So it's almost yeah .
C :  That's quite what PowerPoint does .
D :  Yeah .
A :  I know .
A :  I know , but
A :  I know , but we couldn't use that feature , so I missed it .
B :  Yep .
A :  We weren't able to do that .
A :  At least the um I wasn't explained how to do such a th
B :  Mm-hmm . . A and the function of of filling an an uh an oval or an an object .
C :  An object , yes . Yes . The drawing cap capabilities are very limited .
B :  I it's not possible yeah .
A :  Okay .
C :  And and uh w you were when you're using uh Windows , you're used to a certain interface and certain buttons , uh which you can use for drawing . And a lot of these buttons don't appear here . So it's
A :  Yeah .
B :  Oh it looks like paint actually .
A :  Okay , so y it it's not even as advanced as paint .
C :  Not not uh n not way . It's quite uh limited .
A :  Yeah .
A :  Okay .
A :  Uh no . Yeah , the project is evaluated . Um but , well , we need to redesign uh the product .
C :  Okay . Oh , very good , celebration .
A :  Celebrate .
C :  Pop uh pop up the champagne .
B :  Great .
B :  It was a privilege working with you .
A :  Okay .
A :  Um you're dismissed . No , I think we are uh ready .
C :  Okay .
B :  To private rooms ?
C :  I see some action over there .
A :  Private room , Roo .
A :  That sounds quite scary .
C :  Okay .
A :  No , let's find uh the way to
A :  . .
C :  uh we're done , we're finished , I believe . So ,
C :  are there any more cycles in this process ? I think not .
A :  I don't believe so . Well , maybe we'd
A :  get an email .
A :  Thank you for your
C :  But um how much time did we get for this meeting ?
A :  Forty minutes .
C :  And how much time is left ?
A :  A minute or or ten maybe .
A :  M Yeah , ten or five .
C :  Ten minutes .
C :  Okay .
C :  Okay .
A :  So , we can uh
A :  redesign our uh
A :  Uh I would like to
C :  Well , I think we we we all know what the redesign should be . A simple , dull , uh one-coloured box .
D :  And no added value .
C :  No , it's it's just the same product that is already on the market .
D :  At all . So
A :  Oh . Yeah .
B :  But you see the problem , y you can't continue your uh your line .
B :  Well , it's fluffy alright . Spongy .
C :  What is that ?
B :  A giraffe ?
A :  Yeah .
C :  It's a giraffe eating a eating leaves from a tree .
A :  It's blue tongue .
D :  In interesting design .
A :  Yeah . This is a new model . But
C :  So you're actually promoting Bluetooth . Or blue tongue .
A :  Blue tongue .
D :  Oh uh it it does uh have a natural uh feeling . So
A :  It's spongy .
D :  Yeah .
A :  . That is uh it's a new feature next to Bluetooth to um disable all Bluetooth devices . Um
C :  Blue tongue .
C :  Okay .
B :  Right .
C :  Let's wrap it up .
A :  Yeah , we're done here .
A :  Gentlemen , thank you for your cooperation .
C :  Thank you Mister manager . Now , let's have uh a bottle of champagne .
B :  . Leave it here .
A :  Yes .
B :  That's alright .
C :  .
D :  .
