
abstract : 
One team member presented her proposal regarding the room designations of the new space.
In her proposal, professors received private offices, administration was close to the professors' offices, and most people were grouped by project.
A second team member presented a proposal on the same topic.
In his proposal, there was a lounge containing workspace for two people, an admin office which Giselle had to herself, a number of people shared offices with their assistants, and visitors were placed among students.
The group discussed and made decisions regarding the placement of professors with students, the purpose of a lounge area, the possibility of putting up partitions in the lounge, the placement of Gisella and visitors, the option to have a reading room, and how to arrange furniture in some offices.

actions : 
One of the team members will come up with some numbers regarding the room assignments in comparison to other comparable departments.
One team member will circulate the final proposal

decisions : 
The lounge will be a separate room without any workspace.
Other offices will be packed with occupants so that there is no spill-over into the lounge.
Gisella will get a separate office.
There will be a reading room.
Pierrette and Martin will be in offices with one other person, not two.
Pierrette will share an office with her assistant.
There will be a room available for a professor and his assistant or student.
Bruno and Nancy will share an office.
Martin will share an office with one of the team members in the meeting.
Agnes, Marianne, and David will share an office.

problems : 
How to accommodate the future growth of the department.
Whether to place visitors among students or researchers.
Whether to place professors with their PhD students.
How to separate the lounge from the workspace inside the lounge.
The lounge may get quite loud and this will disrupt those using the workspace inside the lounge.
Whether the lounge will actually be used by people.
How to accommodate visitors.
Whether it is necessary to have a reading room.
