C : @@
C : Now can you give me the uh remote T_?
E : seven nine seven seven, five, eight one five
E : three two five, four one, six zero zero three
E : nine six seven eight, five nine nine five, four eight six nine
E : two eight, three nine, six two, nine one, two three
E : six four seven, eight three two, seven three three one
E : seven, nine three nine, five seven, six two one, two
E : one six four, seven zero, nine three four three.
E : six one, four nine, zero one, six zero, six four.
A : zero, one nine four, five zero, five eight five, eight
A : nine four two eight, eight, seven three seven
A : four seven six five, one, seven eight eight
A : three nine four one, three zero two nine, two eight one three
A : four five six five, six six seven eight, six eight eighty-seven
A : five, six eight nine, five four, zero eight eight, seven
A : seven nine, nine four, nine three, nine four, two seven
A : zero one seven eight, zero, one four three
C : Yeah, I've - I - uh - it's not that I didn't try.
C : I just - You know, sort of keep on wiggling.
B : Yeah, O_K.
C : So, would you like to -
C : list all the decision nodes that we have identified on this side.
C : tasks, and that may or may not be a problem. We can change the tasks slightly if we feel that we should have data for e- sort of for every
D : Right, right.
D : a table of the kinds of uh things that - that might come up,
C : j- we have two updates. Um you can look at this  if you want, these are
C : what our subject's going to have to fill out. Any comments I can - can still be made and the changes will be put in correspondingly.
E : m-
A : Not that much you didn't .
D : I don't see a release
B : This is a fictional system obviously, huh.
D : And she does know everything.
C : And she has a way of making this machine talk. So she can copy sentences into a window, or type really fast and this machine will use speech synthesis to produce that. So if you ask "How do I get to the castle" then a m- s- several seconds later it'll come out of here "In order to get to the castle you do -" O_K?
B : Yeah.
C : or know, or assume they speak to a human.
C : everything that happens   here - let's go to our
C : now all w- that's left to do then is the C_P_G's, the conditional probabilities, for the likelihood of a person having enough money, actually wanting to go a place if it costs, you know this or that.
E : They're redundant.
C : Yeah, but th- the - I don't - I'm not really interested in sort of "Phase planning" capabilities. But it's more the - how do people phrase these planning requests?
B : off the top of my head it kinda seems like you would probably just want, you know, richer data, more complex stuff going on, people trying to do more complex sets of things. I mean you know, if our goal is to really sort of
B : sort of depressing. I thought I'd just sort of listen to the beginning part and the person was just sort of reading off her script or something. And.
E : Although -
E : Take - care of him.
B : Yeah.
C : @@
C : I need those back by the way.
B : O_K.
E : Yeah.
C : That's for -
E : Yeah.
C : Yeah. @@  @@
E : He was vicious.
F : @@  function, yeah.
C : stuff - yeah.
C : Well, my visit to Prague there were some nights where I never went back to the hotel, so whether that counts as a two-day tour or not we'll have to think.
D : I - w- we will - we will not ask you more.
E : Right. That's enough.
C : cognate if you want, for "Sankt Nimmerlandstag"?
B : Keine Ahnung
B : O_K.
E : Never.
D : Yeah.
C : property in there.
C : He would -
D : reason, that's sort of "en passant,"   right.
C : That goes with the "energy depletion" function, blech.
D : Right, yeah.
B : "Tourist needs food, badly"
G : The public transport in general is "be driven"?
D : Well, you can't get to the Philosophers' Way very well, but, I mean there are hikes that you can't get to, but -
B : Yeah.
A : So is like "biking there" - part of like "driving there", or - ?
C : Yeah.
D : Skateboards @@  right, anyway.
D : Scooters, right?
B : Overrider @@
C : Actually, maybe uh F-
G : Some  @@ .
E : Mmm.
C : this is my first guess, in much the same way as how - how d-
B : Yeah.
C : Yeah.
B : O_K.
B : Like what - What have I got now? I mean I have uh what - what I'm loo- what I - Those files that you sent me are the user side of some interaction with Fey? Is that what it is? Or - ?
D : Right, but we're not  expecting Keith to actually build a parser.
D : We are  Johno  to build a parser, but that's a -
B : Still, pretty formidable actually.
B : er - that's what
B : Mm-hmm.
C : that. Um, we could also sor- sort of have the  analogen   of
B : Yeah. That's about six times in this little one here, so uh, yeah.
B : Yeah.
D : to get this right.
D : That was - that's   one you should probably go to.
B : How much does it cost?
B : Right. Sure.
E : Then you can go.
