E : So you can just um, you know, say the number at the transcript top, the thing
D : Transcript number three two seven one three two nine O_.
D : nine seven five nine zero two zero
D : O_
D : zero
D : one
D : three two six seven six four
D : four seven five
D : five
D : six eight four
D : seven
D : eight
D : nine zero one
D : zero one one eight
D : one three one two three O_ one
D : two seven five
D : three
D : four nine nine
D : five
D : six O_ nine
D : eight two
D : nine five four two one
A : transcript three eight nine one three nine one zero.
A : three three six zero zero
A : four two zero zero one one seven
A : five six
A : six nine
A : seven
A : eight
A : O_ three
A : zero five
A : one five six six
A : two eight seven six five
A : three
A : four
A : five zero
A : seven two seven nine O_ three eight
A : eight three nine
A : nine
A : O_ eight eight nine two
A : zero eight two eight
A : one
A : two zero seven three
C : This is transcript three nine five one three nine seven O_.
C : five
C : six zero five one one
C : eight one eight
C : nine five
C : O_ five seven O_ seven
C : zero
C : one
C : two
C : three zero
C : five one two three four
C : six five two five eight six O_
C : seven seven six six zero
C : eight nine one seven
C : nine
C : O_
C : zero zero seven
C : two two one four
C : three three zero two two
C : four three
C : five eight zero three seven four five
E : And then if - Would you do me a big favor, um, maybe Robert, cuz you know how to do this, that's just  hitting the square? the black square when you're done?
E : I'm gonna be in the meeting that might run over to four o'clock @@  finished .
E : And then when you leave, just turn off the microphones, the batteries go  up and down and - That's great.
E : And if Jerry and Nancy are willing to read the numbers that would be great as well.
A : When you read the numbers it kind of reminded me of beat poetry.
A : Four two zero zero one seven.
A : That's what I think of when I think of beat  poetry.
C : Uh parts  of it.
A : That's why I thi-
A : That uh probably  think  of it that way.
D : No, I didn't  made  that?
A : I'll spoil it for you.
A : in San Francisco,
A : and uh he's sitting there on this couch and they bring him this massive  cup of espresso,
A : and he's like "excuse me I ordered the large
D : Uh. We're having, a
D : tiramisu tasting contest this weekend.
A : So you're trying to decide who's the best taster  of tiramisu?
D : claim to make good tiramisu make
A : Seems  like -
A : Seems like you could put a s- magic special ingredient in, so that everyone know which one was yours.
A : Then, if you were to bribe  them, you could uh -
D : Mm-hmm.
A : back to visit my parents  this weekend, so, I'll be out of town.
D : So you're going to the west  Bay then?
D : No, south  Bay?
A : No, the South  Bay, yeah.
D : South  Bay.
C : Well, I  should be free, so.
B : So, are we recording ourselves?
A : We are.
D : data. Can I have the remote control. Thank you.
D : and um
D : these are some of the results.
D : sort of felt that she knew too much,  so I asked uh Litonya.
D : serve as the first subject. So, this is what she saw  read
D : this was the uh first three tasks she had to - to master after she called
D : uh I should say the system was supposed  solve,  human
D : There are - here  are uh the results.
D : And I will not  -
G : Culture on every corner, and more than ten museums @@  Zwinger  three. Visit our parts of the civi-
D : We will skip  reading  now. D-
D : The reading  was five minutes, exactly. And now comes the - This is the phone-in phase of -
C : Wait, can I - I  So.
C : So there's no  system, right? Like, there was a wizard for both uh - both parts, is this right?
D : One time, pretending  pretending  human,  which is actually not pretending. I should -
C : O_K.
D : We u- Wait.
D : not
G : which is located on  Friedrich Ebert um Anlage?   Do you understand that?
F : In order to get to the  Friedrich Ebert Anlage,    Friedrich Ebert Anlage.
A : Is she mispronouncing "Anlage"?   "Anlaga"   "Anlunga"
G : I want @@  what a um sunken castle is.
D : They're mispronouncing everything,  but it's -
A : O_K.
G : Oh, and I also remember that someone told me about the historic graffiti in the old student prison.
G : And I wanted to know how to get there.
F : In order to get to the student prison, from the university square, turn right, and walk one block.
D : This is the system breaking down, actually.
G : @@
G : Bye.
G : I thought it was a recording. @@
D : "Did I call Europe?" this  is it.
G : @@
G : @@
D : Well, if we - we um
D : We had her  fooled in the beginning. She thought it was a recording in the beginning and was surprised that a human came on.
D : Um, maybe she had some doubts later  first  speaking  to it, she didn't.
D : lessons learned. The reading needs to be shorter. Five minutes is just too long.
D : that was already anticipated by some  she  did not. She - No. She - she jumped around quite a bit.
D : Um. We need to - So that's one thing. And we need a better introduction for the wizard. That is something that Fey actually thought of a - in the last second that sh- the system should introduce itself,  when it's called.
D : And um, um, another suggestion, by Liz,  was that we uh, through subjects, switch the tasks. So when - when they have task-one with the computer, the next person should have task-one with a human, and so forth. So we get nice um data for that.
D : in order to avoid this rephrasing,  blah-blah-blah-blah-blah"
D : they still  Litonya  tried to um
D : repeat  as much of that text as possible.
D : Um. Johno pointed out that uh we have maybe a grammatical gender problem there with wizard. So um.
A : Yes. I wasn't - wasn't sure whether wizard was the correct term for
C : No, I don't know. Not that I know of.
A : Yeah, that's so @@ .
D : And this, and - in case no - you hadn't seen it, this is what Litonya looked  at during the uh -
B : So first of all, I agree that um we should hire Fey, and start paying her. Probably pay for the time she's put in as well.
B : th-
D : Student-type worker, or - ?
B : a- actually was uh, more
B : uh, present and stuff than - than she was in conversation, so she did a better  job than I would have guessed from just
D : This is sort of what I gave  didn't  even spell it out here and in some cases I - I spelled it out a little bit um
B : Oh, yeah, and then of course as she does it she'll - she'll learn @@
D : Yep. Yeah she - she didn't  explicitly state that so.
B : Well, as I say  there is this s- set of people next door, it's not hard to
D : However, we may run into a problem with a reading  task there.
B : so that's  good. Um.
B : Now, I signed us up for the Wednesday slot,
B : my idea on that was
B : uh, partly we'll talk about system stuff for the computer  linguists  involved
B : in some of this issue about what the task  is and
B : all - um you know, what the dialogue  linguistically,
B : because to the extent that we can get them  contributing,
B : you know re-formulating things, maybe we can get some of the linguists sufficiently interested that they'll help  us with it,
B : uh, other  linguists, if you're a linguist, but in any case, um,
B : So my idea on - on Wednesday is partly
B : to uh - you - I mean, what you did today would - i- is just fine.  thing, and here's s- some of the dialogue and - and
B : But then, the other  thing of course is we should
B : um give the computer  scientists some idea of - of
B : what's going on with the system  belief-nets  pieces  are and stuff like that.
B : Is - is this make sense to everybody? Yeah.
B : a lot of work, particularly on your  part, to - to - to make a big presentation. I don't think you should -
B : you don't have to make any  plenty  of stuff
D : and we also have a l- little bit on the interface, M_-three-L_ enhancement, and then um that was it,  I think.
A : um, so we could sort of isolate them or whatever in terms of the - the top  layer.
A : And then the bottom layer is just the Mode.
B : very bottom  that  it?
A : So basically all I did was I took the last belief-net
A : uh image  schemas that would be related. And the two that I came up with
A : or they were hurried. That's  that.  And then um
A : uh whether the - where I'm currently  at is a landmark might have a bearing on whether -
A : or the "landmark-iness" of where I'm currently  at. And "usefulness" is basi- basically means is that an institutional facility like a town hall or something like that that's not -
A : you know, maybe they said they can - they only wanna take a bus  or something like that, right?
A : Similar things as the source  except they also added whether the entity was closed and whether they have somehow marked that is was the final destination.
A : Robert,
A : so I just made up you know whether - whether what they say is - or h- how  they say it
A : is - is that.
A : whether it's in the tourbook  or not.
B : Ch-ch-ch-ch.
B : Now.  Alright, so I understand what's -
B : what you got.
B : I don't yet understand use  it. So let me see if I can ask
B : No, I understand  that, but - but um
B : Let's slide back up again and see - start at the - at the bottom  and
B : Oop-bo-doop-boop-boop. Yeah.
B : you could imagine
B : go ahead, you were about to go up there and point  to something.
B : Oh, O_K . So, so if you - if we made - if we wanted to make it into a - a real uh Bayes-net,
B : that is, you know, with fill - you know, actually f- uh, fill it @@  in, then uh -
A : So we'd have to get rid of this
B : And - and uh - Bhaskara and I was talking about this a little earlier today - is, if we just do  huge
B : combinatoric input to the Mode  thing.
A : Well I - oh yeah, I unders- I understand that,  I just - uh it's hard for me to imagine how he could get around that.
B : Well, i- But that's  do.
B : Uh. Let me just mention something that I don't  want to pursue today which is
B : there are technical  ways of doing it, uh I- I slipped a paper to Bhaskara
B : know  apply  in this case, but there is some technology you could try to apply.
A : So in that  summary  nodes. We'd have the summary nodes like where the things were - I guess maybe if thi- if things were related to business or
B : Yeah.
B : So what I was gonna say  is - is maybe a good at this point
B : try to informally  meeting,
B : but to try to informally  are.
B : uh decision about which mode,
B : you know, what  things.
B : And the other  technical  knowledge  engineering trick,
B : is to make the n- each node sufficiently narrow
B : O_K? then you could say "Aha, let's have these  three  factors",
B : decision node just above  the final one.
B : And then  those  care  about,
B : uh can you make a relatively  compact way of getting
B : from the various inputs  care  about.
B : so that, you know, you can sort of try to do a knowledge  engineering thing
B : given  that we're not gonna screw with the
B : technology  and just always use
B : uh sort of orthodox Bayes-nets,  then we have a knowledge engineering little problem of
B : how do we do  that.
B : Um
B : and
A : So what I kind of need to do is to take this  old  one and merge them together? So that -
B : "Eh-eh-eh."
B : something.  I mean, so
B : uh, Robert  has thought about this problem f- for a long time, cuz he's had these examples
B : you know, what are  the crucial things.
B : Well, maybe  not.
D : version and I - I - I - look at this maybe just as a,
B : to this linguists  helpful  them.
D : I mean,
D : a module,  if you wanna call it that, that you can ask,
D : uh throw the die for you, because um
D : I integrated this into the existing  SmartKom system in - in the same way as
D : this  thing.
D : Close this down.
D : will look  give  us,
D : And this - these uh - this changed now only  um,
D : this is about as much as we can do
D : "O_K, if it's this  this  that  is not the case", and so forth, it just gets really really messy.
B : It was much  too quick for me.
B : So, I - I do  understand that
B : and you need  to do this, for sure, we have to add, you know, not too much about
B : and what I think  you did
B : is add some rules  there  that say
B : you enter -
B : You approach.
B : Well.  So, s- well, and let's think about this.
B : Add extra properties, a deterministic rule for every property you have an action, "pppt!"
B : You do  that.
B : Um, then  the question would be
B : Now, if that's all  you're doing,
B : then you can get the types from the ontology,
B : that's all - you're - all you're using  done.
B : Right? So we don't - we don't use the discourse,  context,  any  of those things.
B : SmartKom people themselves  would - they'd say "Sure, that's no problem - you know, no problem to add types to the ont-" Right?
D : the rules that are as banal as of  we just saw, and we have our content. Now, the content -
D : I - whi- which is sort of what - what we see here,  which is sort of the Vista, Schema, Source, Path, Goal, whatever. This will
D : And the rules  completely.
D : And um - and here is exactly where what's gonna be replaced with our Bayes-net, which is exactly getting the input feeding into here. This  decides
B : Uh, " approach  this
B : That's what you said  - Yeah, that's fine.
B : Yeah, but -
B : Right. But it's not  construction  action.
B : Construction  is a d- is a different story.
D : Yeah.
B : Yeah.
B : And then
A : Mm-hmm.
B : not - It's not the immediate  problem.
D : Aspects of the X_schema to add.
B : immediate  problem is - is back t- t- to what you were - what you are doing with the belief-net. You know,
B : Right. Well, that  that  easy  case.
B : The harder  problem is
B : we decide what we want to use,  get  it?
B : And that  that's  hardest  problem is
B : how are you going to get  this information
B : where are you gonna - how are you gonna g- get  this information.
A : There's just too many factors right now.
B : and what they really  most depend on, and can we c- you know, clean this - this up to the point where it -
B : We might.
B : what you're having is the values  variable.
B : Well, you - you could do  th-
B : um, they add up to one,
B : but that there's uh - that - that it doesn't have to be one zero zero.
B : each  probability.
B : so like landmark-ness  usefulness,  O_K -
A : Well, see I don't think those  would be mutually -
D : Object type, mm-hmm.
A : me taking last - the last one, and saying "how can I formalize this?" @@
D : um the fact that we can pretend we have one, make a dummy until we get the real  one,
D : we may  wanna decide we can do this from here, but we also could do it um
D : and we get relations out of it and once we have  that  these  institution  building  mentioned?",
B : There will  rules,  decisions,  they're rules that gather information for a decision process.
B : Uh, yeah.  So they'll - they - presumably there'll be
B : can do things like that. And um there's an issue about whether there will be - that'll be the same  out  will.
B : that may actually involve getting more  information. So on- once you pull that out, it could be that that says "Ah! Now that we know that we gonna go ask the ontology something else."
B : O_K? Now that we know  bus  trip,
B : we know  that's the way it's coming out then we gotta go find out more. So I think that's O_K.
D : Mm-hmm.
D : Mm-hmm.
D : So this is actually, s- if - if we were  to build something that
D : and, uh, I had one more thing,
D : which does nothing, but it looks of complect  object trees and decides how - are there parts missing that need to be filled out, there's - this is maybe something that this module can do, something that this module can do and then collect
B : see what we'd like  to do,
B : do  re-use.
B : is the fact that w- if you know about source - source, paths   all this sort of stuff,
B : that a lot  same,
B : uh there's - there's some - some important generalities that you're getting,  don't  do  it.
B : And I don't yet  goes.
D : There're no primitives upon which uh yeah.
B : What are the primitives, and how do you break this -
B : just there saying eee individual  case,
B : right? but I don't  really  interesting question is can you use uh deep
B : uh cognitive linguistics  get powerful generalizations.
B : Could.  Uh.
D : Um Johno,  actually, does not allow us to call them "intentions" anymore. So he - he dislikes the term.
A : I didn't @@ .
B : Well, I - I  either,  i-  uh
B : i- i- y- w- i- i-
D : Mm-hmm.
D : Mm-hmm.
B : the - uh general.
B : So that if you have sources, you have trajectors and stuff like that, and there's a language for talking  about trajectors,
B : you shouldn't  differently
B : for uh uh going to something, than for circling it, for uh telling someone else how to go there, whatever  it is.
D : Getting out of -
B : the decision  processes are gonna be different
B : What you'd really  always  like which is that you have
B : So all sorts of different tasks
B : and all sorts of different ways of expressing  on.
B : that's - that would be the really pretty  result.
B : pushing it one step further, when you get to construction grammar and stuff, what you'd like to be able to do is say you have this parser  which is much fancier than the parser that comes with
B : uh SmartKom, i- that - that actually uses  from  construction
B : that you could tell from  way.
B : You might.
B : say that this i- this is the kind  of construction
B : the construction implies  container.
B : you know that you're gonna hafta  treat it as a container you might as well go off and get that information. And that may effect the way you process everything else.
B : So if you say "how do I get into  the castle"
A : Right.
B : Or,  is  there in the castle" or - so there's all sorts of things you might ask
B : that involve the castle as a container
B : and you'd like  orthogonal  anytime  the castle's referred to as a container,
B : Independent of what the goal  language  is.
D : Mm-hmm.
D : Mm-hmm.
D : Yeah, but they're - they're easier for parsers.  Parsers can pick those up but - but the - with the spatial adverbs,
D : thing. I don't remember. I just forgot it again.
D : No .
B : So, are we gonna be meeting here  do  talked  about it, cuz you have th- th- the display and everything, that seems fine.
D : Yeah, um, Liz also asks whether we're gonna have presentations every  need  to do that but it's - so far I think it was nice as a visual aid for some things and - and -
B : to bring this, and assume that something may come up  that we wanna look at.
B : She was good.  good.
D : Yeah? The uh - um, she w- she was definitely  good in the sense that she - she showed us some of the weaknesses
D : real  subject you know, is - is -
D : So I  looking  listening  our  problem,
D : Nuh?
D : also,  get  there?" was pretty standard.
D : Nuh?
D : for pointing at what she talked about before,  pictures  wall-  on walls, so
D : because graffiti is usually found on the outside  inside,  but
D : So the mistake
