A : eight five, five one, one four, eight one, nine eight.
A : eight zero seven nine, six, six eight five.
A : seven six nine one, nine four nine three, four seven seven one.
A : two four six, zero zero, seven five three three.
A : three two two, six three, eight eight one zero.
A : seven, four nine one, nine five, four eight nine, six.
A : zero nine seven, three four, seven one six three.
A : five six one, six one, nine seven three one.
B : O_K.
E : O_K. Transcript L_ eighty-seven.
E : eight six four, six six four, one seven one
E : eight O_ three, two two five, two O_ two
E : three one one, six one one, seven four two four
E : O_ five eight, eight four two, one eight three seven
E : six nine one seven, five, two one four
E : three five, nine zero, nine seven, six one, six nine
E : six six zero, two eight, one two O_ nine
E : eight one three, O_ four, five O_ seven eight.
B : Transcript L_ eighty-five.
B : five seven three, six seven one, three four eight four
B : five four five eight, five, nine nine six
B : five four seven, three two O_, one eight three seven
B : eight two, two one, nine O_, nine two, O_ six.
B : six seven seven, two six, four six one six.
B : four four four, three nine seven, five four one one.
B : O_ five three, three two six, four three eight
B : four eight five, one six, seven five five seven.
D : Transcript number L_ eighty-four.
D : four O_ one, four five, two three two four.
D : one six, one eight, one eight, nine seven, three five
D : three three four, zero four four, four six two
D : two zero, nine zero, four six, seven zero, four five
D : nine eight four, one six, eight zero one one
D : one four one, three one four, four seven three
D : six four six seven, one two nine seven, eight three three three
D : four zero, nine three, zero three, nine nine, nine seven
C : Transcript L_ eighty-three.
C : nine two four seven, six nine four five, five seven eight
C : zero nine nine, eight eight two, nine four five three
C : zero, nine seven one, five four, one four two, seven
C : six six eight, six one eight, seven
C : zero seven two, seven four two, four nine nine four
C : six, nine six seven, zero
C : two one four two, two, five five zero
C : zero six, four six, eighty-two -
C : Oh, excuse me.
C : eight two, four five, four six.
C : Nancy's still stick?
B : uh specific s- suggestion   to start first with the path ones.
D : Oops.
D : That's funny.
B : So - so @@
B : uh current @@  and so forth and so on or not at all, right?
B : Yeah and so forth .
A : Think so.
A : Uh, no, but I think I'm following it.
A : Yeah.
E : Welcome.
A : User thrift.
A : Wow, that is simple.
D : option like proper  inferences which suggests that uh
E : Oops.
E : in our list we had "Is he staying in our hotel?", "Is he staying with friends?", and so forth uh
E : Oops.
B : No, that's - that's a @@
B : Well, that's @@
D : Also true or false.
C : Uh
E : Uh we can load it up it you know  very simple.
E : Is now
A : Can I ask about "slurred" and "angry" as inputs to this?
A : O_K.
A : Hmm.
B : Yeah. But that's- that seems to, yeah. So - so my advice  to do is - is
E : Seems to me that we've sort of e- em- embedded   a lot, em-
B : Well couldn't I  do - let's do commercial
E : I_E a - a castle or can be a landmark a- or not accessible, some statue you know  can
E : Yeah.
E : Should I rename this too? No.
E : It's underscore-E_.
E : O_K, shouldn't I be able to move them all? No. Can I?
E : Mmm-mm.
B : Well.
B : Never mind.
A : Well -
B : is have an - and this will  @@
A : User schedule.
A : "Do I have time to go in and climb all the way to the top of the Koelner Dome or do I just have to -"
C : Yeah.
D : No but, it's more than that, like the - the more sort of you break it up @@  like because if you have everything pointing to one node it's like exponential
E : @@
C : Sure, but other  - I thought though the node we're creating right now is user compatibility to the current action, right?
D : Yeah.
E : Oh yeah, true.
E : So this is sort of some external thing that takes all the discourse stuff and then says here it's either
D : That definitely interes- @@
A : Well, what -
D : I guess the final
D : Maybe we could um have intermediate   node that just the Endpoint and the Go-there S_ node
B : Now it's gonna be important not to have loops by the way.
E : I was just gonna
D : we could have loopy belief propagation which
E : Oops.
E : O_K, whoops.
C : Wh- ah.
A : Yeah.
B : To me.
E : That's uh two things then .
B : No.
B : ways of - of thinking about whether this user wants to go to some place.
B : And I does   anybody remember
C : Uh d- I would almost say  the other way to do that would be to open u- or make
E : It's probably pretty easy do it - to do it in H_T_M_L, just -
C : Yeah, but
E : Uh
B : um
D : Ah, sorry. I guess that's
C : You can technically wear that as you're talking.
D : for example if these S  have three possibilities each and this has three possibilities then you know you have
D : hat or something, uh  the co- like all of them?
D : what we don't wanna do is to
C : uh
C : W_ one times - or A_ or - let's see, one full  quarter times point one
B : @@  three.
B : you just add up the - Yeah. So it would - it would - in this case, it would be - probability of A_ would be point three.
B : @@  one  other  @@  -
B : No it isn't. Because the other  thing you can do is you - So this - in this case, a mixture of experts just picks one.
B : A weighted  do,  need  here  fourth  fifth  parameter.
B : So let's suppose the H_ says in situ- @@  alpha.
B : O_K, in situation-alpha, that's the weighting factor, but in situation- beta,  other  weighting factor.
B : That this guy uh detects for you that this is a situation in which you should weight this more  less.
B : It's - it's - it's conditioning how the other four are @@  do,  learn  do  this.
B : Well now, y- it - it - Well it could,  or you co- could just pass other -
C : A vector of the weights as the se- oh .
B : No, no. No. Not normally. It would just pass a - a selection. So - so it could  pass either -
A : Well a vector with three zeros and one one, right?
B : Well, it could.  Yeah. If - if -
B : @@  could  that.
B : We- yeah. Or w- in this  case, wh- which one of these guys to pay attention to.
B : Well, that - yo- You could  harder  than to just say they're a discrete number of situations and this says, you know, hey, you're in situation-alpha.
B : Yeah. Or in @@  absolutely  could have other inputs from something that has n- doesn't have anything directly to do with these experts.
B : Or if X_two is greater than X_- I could imagine i- all sorts  of garbage.
B : And  so these - so this is - this is one collection of technology that we could bring to bear. Yeah.
B : So @@  you -
B : It depends on - on - on, you know, what situations you're in.
B : And @@  Jordan  did a lot of nice work, uh, earlier on sit- situations which you could actually train these up and stuff.
B : But, I still think it's a nice idea if the architecture supports  it.
B : So that, you know, you say, "here's the design  do  that."
E : I still have trouble understanding the very  first step, maybe just because I'm approaching it from the very wrong end. I don't know.
E : Now, X_one could potentially also vote E_ .
B : That wo- that would be another sort of i- Absolutely.
A : Right, right.
A : Like how thrifty the user is, or do we have access to that?
D : or endpoint sub uh
D : Hmm, I guess not.
A : Yeah.
A : uh w- and um you know, I mean one might be f-
A : Well, it will inspire me.
