E : Two, two.
E : Two. Oh.
F : Uh, wanna give them all with German accents today or - ?
B : My transcript number is L_ ninety-five.
B : three two three, O_ nine, seven seven three five
B : two two one, four O_ eight, two one one five
B : one six zero zero, eight, seven O_ nine
B : six four four O_, four, five six two
B : eight five O_, five nine three, five two six one
B : three five eight, one O_ five, six two four
B : four six eight four, eight five five one, four two two nine
B : O_ five seven, five six, O_ seven three two.
D : Uh, my transcript number is, um, L_ n- ninety-one
D : one four one six, two, eight six one
D : three w- one five seven, O_ three nine five, eight, w- uh, O_, six six
D : two two, four two, O_ three, one six, one four
D : three four one, six one seven, one three four O_
D : six five
D : four O_, u- eight four, nine two, u- one two, s- six five
D : eight six, six six, one three, one one, one O_
D : two
A : O_K, my transcript number is L_ ninety-two.
A : eight five O_, three four two, one three seven six.
A : O_ six three two, four nine seven O_, six O_, six eight.
A : six three six, five six four, nine three O_ six.
A : six four one, eight seven, six O_ O_ six.
A : eight O_ seven three, one seven seven zero, seven five five six.
A : four four, five six, six O_, four five, one O_.
A : eight four five, eight four one, one O_ three seven.
A : one O_ seven two, six seven seven four, one seven O_ O_.
A : O_K.
A : Hi. Uh-huh .
A : Nice to meet you.
E : O_K.
F : O_K that sounds great.
F : So, you guys enjoy your weekend?
D : Yeah, very much
F : O_K, before - before you got put to work?
D : Yeah
F : Sort of one branch  is to get us caught up on what's going on.
F : Also of course it would be really  plans  code.
F : It probably will work better if we do it later in the week, after we actually understand
A : Um we're here through Sunday, so
F : so anyt- we'll find a time later in the week to uh get together and talk about your  understanding of what SmartKom plans are.
F : um
F : What - what does not  earlier  in the day on Thursday,
F : or most  of the time on Friday, not all.
B : Neither does Thursday morning, no?
F : @@
E : I was just thinking I w- I will leavened by
A : O_K.
A : O_K.
A : Yeah obviously.
B : @@
A : Yeah.
B : person more   likely to want to walk there?
B : the underlying intention was.
B : at least we  offer  the
B : t- s- Ultimately if you have - if you can offer  that information, somebody's gonna s-
B : do  something with it sooner or later. That's sort of part of our belief.
E : What was he saying?
F : No no. It's a good time to pause.  I s- I
F : see questions on peoples' faces, so why don't - let's - let's -
A : Oh-
D : Mmm.
F : That's what it should  do. Right, yeah.
F : That w- O_K that was one  question. Is there other - other things that
F : cuz we wanna
F : Pa- pass over any you know, questions or concerns that you have.
D : Mmm.
A : as far as I'm concerned as
F : Let me s- little  bit from the point of view of the generation.
F : Robert didn't bring  it today but there's a -
F : There's a first  cut  at a belief-net that - that doesn't - it - isn't fully uh instantiated, and in particular some of the - the combination rules and ways of getting the - the conditional probabilities aren't there.
F : So one  of the decisions is what we call this A_V_E thing.
F : which of those it is  and give it to the planner.
F : But,
F : decision
F : and if the belief-net is equivocal
F : Alright? Now there are two ways one can go - a- imagine doing  that.
F : For the debugging  we'll probably just have a - a drop-down menu and the - while you're debugging you will just - O_K.
F : But for a full system,  well  query,
F : ar- are you know you - are you planning to enter?
F : So that's - under that  then,
F : There would be a - uh - um a loop  in which this thing would formulate a query, presumably give it to you.
F : you know, you'd get an answer back.
F : O_K so, that
F : uh, We probably won't  do this early on,
F : try to close  loop "
A : uh will be what the action planner
A : Well uh Marcus Lerkult  is actually implementing that
F : So we ha- we have  to get in on that.
F : partly  like  X_schemas.
B : Hmm.
D : uh, No, it's - it's also a quantrant  uh uh -
D : I think.
F : one  thing
F : is there's an actual planner  that tells the person in the tourist domain now,
F : per- tells the person how to go,  here,  there
F : uh, you know, take a bus ", whatever it is.
F : isn't  what you mean.
F : Well, O_K, so that's what I thought.
F : dialogue  act. Yeah.
F : O_K? And I think that we do  O_K
F : when - so, when you get to the tourist  domain
F : it's not just an information  retrieval system.
F : So, if it's only  V  thing,
F : But what happens when you actually get them moving  and so forth and so on
F : interacts with - with where the tourism g- stuff is going
F : have thought  ahead
F : O_K. Could you - could you put a message into the right place to see if we can at least ask  that question?
A : completely settled there so this is really an ongoing discussion and that's
D : Yeah, it's - it's not defined yet .
D : Mmm.
B : action planners that work with belief-nets that are action planners that work with you know state automata .
F : Yeah, th- there - there - I think there are a lot  of reasons why it matters.
F : uh, for example,  the i- it's the action planner
F : is going to take  spec  and s-
F : make some suggestions  about what the user should do.
F : What the user says
F : after  that
F : the action planner told  it. If the -
F : If the parser  and the
F : language  end
F : doesn't  know  told
F : O_K th- it's you're making your life much  more difficult than it has to be.
F : to uh go  taxi,
F : let's say. Now the planner  wanna  fast,  taxi.
F : the language end doesn't know  that.
F : O_K, there's all  dialogues  that won't make any sense which would be
F : just fine.
F : @@
F : Yeah, but this is not the st- this is not  state  discourse.
F : This is actually the state  plan.
F : uh, It's great  if people are already
F : taking  account.
A : So, there's work to do there.
F : the input  fair  feedback
F : from the planning  end.
F : In - in one of these things which are - are much more continuous than the - just the dialogue over movies  and stuff.
F : of getting the terminology   changed so that the dialogue planner was called a "dialogue planner"?
F : Because there's this other  thing-
F : The o- There's this other thing in - in the tourist  domain which is gonna be
F : a route  really  gonna be an action planner.
F : And
F : I would think,  yeah.
D : Mmm.
F : Huh?
F : I- if - if that c- in- persists then we're gonna need another  term.
F : That ha- has all  the wrong connotations.
F : Yeah .
F : It's tricky because one could well  out  to be the case that
F : will fill in some parameters about what the person wants. One could well  imagine
F : that the next thing that's trying to fill out the detailed
F : uh, route  also  like  to ask the user.
F : You could well  choice  know  something.
F : And so y- you would like it t- also  be able to
F : uh. the dialogue  output  around.
F : And a- I- a- a good  design would - would
F : allow that to happen.
F : If - if you know if - if you can't make  best.
A : Yeah
F : I totally agree. But - but what it nee- but th- what the point is the- in that case the dialogue  event  driven.
F : So the dialogue  dialogue  state
F : of one  sort, and this -
F : one of these planning  right  now we need
F : So that forces  the dialogue manager to change state.
B : Hmm.
F : How's it -
D : uh you can access   this
F : And as you say it's just a surface pattern  matcher.
F : Uh, So what are - what are the plans  roughly?
D : There um there's often
F : Oh, you  You  have to do it, yeah.
D : Yeah, ah and so
F : I  see, so
D : but uh, Miel  syntactic analysis with um finite state transducers.
F : People at D_F_K_I have written  parsers.
F : Other - you know, people  years.
F : uh have written  various parsers at D_F_K_I. None of them
F : So, um - So there was a chunk  parser
D : @@
F : in Verbmobil,
F : that was one  of the
F : branchers.  You know they - d- th- I c- There were these various
F : uh, competing
F : uh syntax  modules.
F : And I know one  chunk  don't  remember
F : who  did  that.
F : There w- That's right. They w- They had - There were - This was done with a two
F : the chunk parser itself was pretty stupid  and then there was a
F : kind of trying  fit  together  that
F : h- used more context.  Right?
A : um Mark Light  originally w-
F : But is that the kind  sounds  like
F : the kind  of thing that you were thinking of.
F : Hmm .
B : So this is sort of - came as a surprise to me  that
B : you know, embassy s-
B : but it's what I hear.
B : And they're  doing
B : Then there is of course more  ways of parsing things.
F : Of course.  But - But
F : constraints,  small  fast  so  forth,
F : probably  chunk  parsing.
F : I'm not  a big believer in this um
F : There is this - this one that they did at S_R_I some years ago - Fastus ?
F : It is.  Yeah. I mean - it's - it was pretty ambitious.
F : And of course it was English  oriented, um
D : Purely   finite-state transducers are not so good for German since there's um
F : point  morphology  and stuff.
D : The word   order is - is uh not fixed
F : And English is all th- all word  order.
F : And it makes a lot more sense.  And -
F : uh most  of this done with
D : @@
F : So y- you  just
F : the stemming  information.
D : system we can use and so.
F : I didn't n- see  it being used in the current
F : template  uh parser.
F : Uh - of course we  English.
F : Did we look at the German?
F : i-
D : @@
D : What?
B : We threw out all the forms because, you know, English, well -
F : Cuz I r- I didn't reme- I didn't think  I saw it.
F : Have we looked at the German?
F : Oh, I haven- yeah that's - getting it from the lexicon is just fine.
F : Yeah, yeah, yeah. that.
D : Oh yes .
F : Yeah and here's  really  be
F : significantly  different.
F : You really might wanna do it in a significantly  different way.
F : I don't
F : So you've - you guys have looked  at this?
F : also?  in terms of
F : Set.
F : O_K.
F : Interesting.
F : Right.
F : Now actually,
D : Oder   uh
F : Great.  going  to that.
A : @@
F : That's good, because that  will
F : uh tell  you
F : a fair  amount about
F : form  construction  grammar that we're using. so -
F : So I th- I think that probably as good  an introduction
F : as you'll get.
F : uh - conceptual  grammar that - that w- we
F : have in mind  for this.
F : It won't
F : talk particularly
F : about how that  relates to what
F : uh Robert  beginning.  very  version  of this.
F : So we talked  fact  that
F : There're going  be
F : a certain  decisions
F : That you want  knowledge  make,
F : that will be then fed to the function  module,
F : uh, route  planning.
F : one  half  little  bit is
F : how if  had  information,  said  and about th- the something about
F : was the agent
F : a tourist  native  business  young  old,  whatever.
F : Is it a castle,  bank?  town  statue?
F : into decision  decisions.
F : But the other  half  of the problem is
F : How would you get  parsed  input?
F : So what you might  templates,  somehow  would capture the fact that
F : he wants to take a picture.
F : O_K? And - and we could - you could do  this.
F : And it's a small  enough domain that probably you, you know -
F : O_K . You could do this. But
F : uh from our  point of view this is also a research project
F : and there are a couple of people not  here
F : for various reasons who are doing doctoral  dissertations on this,
F : the idea that we're really  after
F : is a very  deep  cognitive  linguistics  relatively  small  number
F : of primitive  schemas  characterize  activity.
F : So a typical  formulation  container.
F : So this is a static  thing.
F : all sorts of physical  situations
F : are characterized in terms of containers.  Going in and out
F : But also, importantly for Lakoff and these guys is all sorts of metaphorical
F : things are also  characterized   trouble  and so - s-
F : So, what we're really  trying to do
F : is to map from the discourse
F : to the conceptual  semantics level.
F : And from there
F : to the appropriate decisions.
F : So another  one of these primitive,
F : what are called " image  schemas",
F : is uh goal  seeking.
F : And the idea is this is another conceptual primitive.
F : And that all sorts  particularly  terms  analyzer  utterance
F : th- this  utterance is talking about an attempt to reach a goal.
F : very wide coverage. So if you can do  this,
F : then the notion would be that across a very  large  domains,  conceptual  interface.
F : The processing  both  input  end,
F : recognizing  certain  words  talk  about  containers  goals,  cetera,
F : and on the output  information,  you can then
F : uh make  decisions  actions  take.
F : Provides,  claim,
F : a very powerful, general
F : notion of deep  semantics.
F : So that's  really  doing.
F : And Nancy  talk
F : is going to be not  learn
F : Well that's - that's - that's where the belief-net comes in.  So th- the idea is,
F : let's take this business about going to the Powder-Tower.
F : So part  and  situational  information.
F : Uh, O_K, part of it comes from the ontology.  this  user  model.
F : And the idea of the belief-net  is it combines
F : information  dialogue  general  way,
F : along with specific  ontology  situation
A : O_K, Yeah, yep yep yep yep
F : about "Is it raining?" I don't know. Whatever it is. And so that's the belief-net that we've laid out.
F : And so th- the coupling  to the situation comes in this model from, at th- at th- at the belief-net, combining evidence from the dialogue with the ontology with the situation.
F : But Nancy isn't gonna talk about that,  just about the
F : Right. The - the construction  grammar.
G : Is it i- in, then, your   place, in five -
