B : We didn't crash - we're not crashing  bothers  me.
C : One, two, three, four, f-
G : I  do.
C : No crashing.
G : I  crashed   when I started this morning.
B : You crashed   not  crash this morning.
G : Really?
A : how many times you crash in a day.
G : Yeah.
A : in the day,  you know.
G : Or maybe it's once you've
G : done enough meetings
F : Yeah.
G : It's a matter of experience.
A : Yeah.
A : Uh. @@
B : I have agenda and it's all me.  Cuz no one sent me anything else.
G : uh, the messages to you  about the meeting today?
G : O_K, cuz I checked my mail. I didn't have anything.
A : I mean, I won't say much, but -
F : I could always  but - but - uh, well -
A : add things in just to add things in. I'm
F : Yeah, yeah, yeah.
A : we - a short meeting would be fine.
F : That won't do.
B : So the only thing I wanna say about digits is, we are pretty  much done with the first test set.
B : So I wa- Uh. Two  things. The first is
B : My  opinion is,
B : um, we should just throw them out completely,
F : Oh! By - throw them out completely?
B : Um, the other  thing you could do is
B : change the transcript  to match what they really said.
F : Mm-hmm.
A : But there's often things where people do false starts. I know I've  done it, where I say -
B : and they eventually did read the right string,
G : Oh, you're talking about where they completely  read the wrong string and didn't correct it?
F : Well, and s- and you're talking string-wise,  you're not talking about the entire page?
F : I get it
B : but then the transcript isn't the Aurora test  set anymore.
B : I don't think that really matters  because the conditions are so different.
B : And that would be a little easier.
B : Mmm, five or six times.
G : Seems like we should just change the transcripts
G : to match.
A : Yeah, it's five or six times out of thousands?
A : Yeah, I would, uh, yeah.
B : And, Jane, I do  I  copies  of somewhere.
E : Eight eight two two two nine.
A : I  see.
B : although we could switch it back.  The problem was O_ and zero.
F : Oh -
A : Or neither.
A : But it's just two thing - ways that you can say  it.
F : Oh.
E : Yeah.
B : The - the problem also  did  for  her since she's not here.
B : But, um, the other problem we were thinking
F : Well, if there's space,  between  them. I mean, you can -
F : With - when you space  out  they don't look like, uh,
A : She's  right. It's - it - it's a different problem.
A : we've done  stuff with numbers before, and yeah sometimes people - If you say
A : s- "three nine eight one" sometimes people will  say "thirty-nine eighty-one" or "three hundred -
A : three hundred eighty-nine one", or - I  that,  but -
B : Not very frequently but, they certainly could.
A : but th- no -
B : So. I mean, this is  something that Liz and I spoke about and, since
B : this was something that Liz asked for specifically,
B : I think   we need to defer to her.
A : what I thought
A : R_C_D_R hyphen joint ".
B : That's because they set the one up at U_W - that's not on our side, that's on the U_dub side.
B : So the moderator actually did  repost  it.
A : Yeah.
B : Cuz I  same  thing happened to me - I had sent one earlier.
B : "You'll be informed" and then I was never informed but I got replies from people indicating that they had  gotten it, so.
B : It's just to prevent spam.
A : I  see.
A : you are  on that list, right? So you got the note? Yeah? O_K.
A : from - I guess higher level from my point of view.
A : so is i- for - it was a Information
A : It's the second year of their
A : a lot of them   are -
A : some  larger  grants than the usual, small N_S_F grants, and.
A : uh, which was also true for the pre-proposal, so.
E : p- s-
G : u-
B : And they said end of business day you could check on the reviewer forms, is that -
B : I've been a day off all week.
A : So that's amazing  meeting!
B : It is.  is  quite  amazing.
G : It'll be interesting  comments.
A : My favorite  one  way  too much detail".
C : Yeah.
A : We'll  see. Maybe there'll be something useful. And - and, uh -
B : Well it sounded  like
B : the first gate was pretty easy. Is that right?
B : That they didn't reject a lot  of the pre-proposals?
E : I  said something, yeah.
E : Very  -
G : competitive  because we didn't want to weed out
E : very,  yeah.
A : reviewers.
A : I'm sure  two  or something
A : numbers of w- awards for different size - They have three  size grants.
A : This  one there's,
A : See the small  that  they have a fair number of them.
A : Uh, I don't remember, but it's probably
A : yeah, but probably  along the lines of fifteen or - that they'll fund, or twenty.
G : I don't - I don't know.
B : I thought it was smaller,  that it was like four or five, wasn't it?
A : I mean last time I think  they just had two categories, small and big, and this time they came up with a middle one, so it'll -
A : of the big.
G : Dang!
A : It's extending  the research, right? Because the other -
B : Yeah it's go- higher  level
A : uh, especially  with the newer things - with the
A : So it's all- it's all stuff that none- none  of us are doing right now,
A : or none of us are funded  for, so it's -
A : Yeah,  there - there would be - there would be new hires, and - and there - there would be expansion, but,
A : there's always -
A : for everybody  there's - there's always things that are dropping off, grants that are ending, or other things that are ending, so,
A : there's   -
A : there's a continual need to -
A : but there definitely  would be new -
B : Are there any students in your class
A : Um, not clear yet.
A : I mean we got - we have -
A : There're two in the class already here, and then -
A : Actually  is  one other guy who's looking - that - that's that
A : Jeremy? I think.
A : that that's - you know, that's nice and we're sorta preceding to the next step, and,
A : Uh, the last one was - that you had there, was about naming?
B : one thing she would like  to have is for all the names to be the same length
B : so that sorting  is easier.
B : And I don't   think we have so many meetings that that's a big deal just to change the names.
F : do things like that you can always  -
F : uh, you can always search from the beginning or the end  of the string. You know, so "zero zero two" -
B : The problem is that they're a lot  of fields.
F : Yeah, well, your example was really -
B : information on the microphones, information   on the speak- on the channels and all that.
D : She wanted to keep them
D : So like,
D : the N_S_A meeting lengths, all filenames are gonna be the same length as the Meeting Recorder meeting names?
F : think  transcripts   themselves wouldn't need to have such lengthy names.
F : it's a different set.
B : So for - for m- the meetings  we were thinking about three letters and three numbers
B : Uh, for speakers,  M_ or F_ and then three numbers,
B : that also brings up the point that we have to start assembling a speaker database  so that we get those links back and forth
B : and then, uh, the microphone  issues. We want some way of specifying,
B : more than looking in the " key " file,
B : broadcaster.  say  this  one it's
B : this particular headset  transmitter  wireless.
B : And you know that one is a different  headset and different channel.
B : become   especially important once we start changing the microphone set-up. We have some new microphones that I'd like to start trying out,
B : once I test  them.
A : since we have such a short agenda list I guess I wi- I will  Yeah.
F : So I've switched  to -
F : Start my new sentence.
F : I - I switched to doing the channel-by- channel  transcriptions to provide, uh,
F : the - uh, tighter time  bins for - partly for use in Thilo's work and also it's of relevance to other people in the project.
F : one of them is that, um,
F : it seems that there are time lags involved in doing this, uh,
F : And it may be that it's faster  to transcribe a channel at a time with only one,
A : that we were using the mixed file.
F : Oh, yes.  But,
F : um, with the mixed,
F : when you have an overlap,
F : uh, tuning the individual parts  speakers.  So someone may have only
F : speech-nonspeech segmentation thing. Th- it's necessary to have it more tightly tuned  than that.
F : It would be wonderful  if,
F : uh, it's possible then  after  that
F : I- I don't know exactly where that's  going at this point.
F : But m- I was experimenting with  doing this by hand and
F : I really do  wise  had  them start the way we have with,
F : Um, I did  other  doing  one  of them is that, um,
F : um, once in a while a backchannel  transcriber.  expect,  because when it's
F : And if we're gonna study types of overlaps,  which is what I wanna do, an analysis of that,
F : then that really does require listening
F : length for all the different speakers.  four  nine  speakers, then
F : that i- that is  again  it's like
F : this - it's really valuable that Thilo's working on the speech-nonspeech segmentation  because maybe,
F : um, we can close in on that wi- without  go  channel  meeting.
E : it - it can - it - it will always  miss  some of them, so.
F : uh, listen especially densely  in places of overlap, just so that they're - they're not being
F : And not just because I'm in there.
C : Is true.
A : what you're doing  from what  you described last time, I assume, and -
C : now,
C : very much harmonics now.
C : harmonic - possi- possible  harmonics, uh,
C : corres-  not harmonics.
C : to talk with y- with you,  with the group,
C : that, eh, people used   in the paper
C : the - the instantaneous frequency is right,
C : to distinguish
C : they -
C : they didn't -
E : I'm not too experienced with
C : they think that the experience is not enough to -
A : I see.
G : And then hypothesize a new  fundamental and get the energy -
C : using the F_F_T.
C : if you - if you change the - the -
C : eh, move around these, eh -
C : eh frequency harmonic - the frequency of the harmonic.
C : eh,
C : eh, filters,
C : that, eh - that, eh, they used   to - to get, eh, the -
C : it probably too, you can find,
C : And in equal  with our signal,
C : it doesn't happened.
A : Call that
C : Yeah.
A : No.
A : get  yes.
C : I don't use.
E : To get  yeah.
G : just looking at the energy  harmonics,
G : is that gonna - ?
G : I m- what you'd like  rid  vocal  tract. Right?
G : at the signal coming out of the glottis.
A : yeah that'd be good.
A : But, uh - but I - but -
B : Open wide!
A : but I don't need you - know if you need to get rid  nice  essential.
A : cuz I think  the main thing is
A : uh, you're trying - wha- what  are you doing this for?
B : Sorry.
A : and the case where there's only one  speaker.
A : if you don't care  about that -
A : See, if you also  wanna
A : if you also  unvoiced,
A : then I think you want to also,  because
A : other than that I guess as far as the one person   versus two persons,
A : it would be primarily a low frequency phenomenon.
C : eh, all my results about the harmonicity and
C : I haven't enough feeling to -
C : and I - I see the harmonics there many time but, eh,
C : eh, that, eh, they are not  harmonics.
C : to -
C : to c-
C : to use them
A : I mean you're not gonna be able to look at every frame, so I mean -
A : I- I really thought  that the best way to do it,
A : and I'm speaking with no experience on this particular point,
A : but, impression  however  you -
A : You've used instantaneous frequency, whatever.
A : However  candidates,
A : is in  that
A : as coppo-   total  energy.
A : And, um, if it's voiced,
A : so y- I think maybe you do  voiced,
A : that you're looking at is relatively low,
A : what domain? I mean this is - this is in - in - in - in bands?  Or - or -
C : Yeah. I u- m- t- I - I used   two m- two method - two methods.
C : Eh, one, eh, based   on the F_ - eh, F_T_T.
C : to - to obtain the - or to study  the harmonics
C : is the - in the instantaneous frequency,
C : But, eh, in m- opinion  the - the - the instantaneous frequency,
C : the - the - the behavior,
C : Because I - I saw how  concentrate, eh,
A : Oh!
C : around the - the harmonic.
C : But then
C : eh, of the - in the - the instantaneous frequency of the ne- of the continuous filter in the - the near filter,
C : I - I - I try to - to -
C : When  I calculate, eh, using the F_F_T,
C : the - the -
B : Keep forgetting.
C : I get the - the spectrum,
C : And - when ou-
C : And I change @@ ,
C : based   in the - in the -
C : if peak are, eh, harmonics,
C : or have to be very near.
C : But, eh, phh!
C : what is the distance.
C : eh, length   window,
C : eh, different front sieve ,
C : Pfff!
A : O_K, yeah well I - I guess I'm not following   probably gonna hafta look at the paper, but -
A : which I'm not gonna have time to do in the next few days, but -
C : @@
F : there was some - I had the indication from Dan Ellis in the email that I sent to you, and you  know about,
F : that in principle  we might be able to, um, handle breaths
F : by accessi- by using cross-talk from the other things, be able that - in principle, maybe we could get rid
G : Uh-uh.
F : really truly - I mean, ther- there's a segment in o- the one I did - n- the first  one that I did for -
F : i- for this, where truly w- we're hearing you  breathing  ear,  you know, and it's like - it's like -
F : But -
B : The P_D_ A  might not have to, but
F : O_K, then the - then - I have two  questions.
B : So - so mean you're right we could  remove it,
B : we don't wanna w- remove it from the corpus,  delivering  it because the - people will want it in there.
F : O_K, so maybe the question is notating
A : Yeah - i- Right. If - if it gets in the way of what somebody is doing  might  wanna have
A : allow you to block  it, but you - it's real data.
A : this is actual stuff that we - we wanna work  with.
F : the transcripts will - that - get stored as a master- there'll be a master transcript which has in it everything that's needed for both  of these uses.
F : uh, to process it for the speech recognition side. Discourse side will have this - this side over he- the - we- we'll have a s- ch-
F : Sorry, not being very fluent here. But,
F : what I would wonder is would it be possible to encode those  automatically?  breath  detector?
B : Oh, just to save the transcribers
E : Oops.
F : Well, O_K. So now there's - there's another - another possibility which is, um, the time boundaries could mark off words
A : we are  models  are  aligning,  so if - so,
A : we - i- i- if we say there is some kind of a thing  which we call a "breath" or a "breath-in" or "breath-out",
A : Uh, so - but you - but you do want them
A : to point them   at
A : where - where the breaths really are.
A : Basically the more  better.
A : But if there seems to be a lot  small  amount of reward in some area, and this might be one like this -
B : They have lots of experience with breathing?
A : uh, their transcripts. Actually  -
A : Well, yes they do, but we -
G : u- th- they're gonna transcribe it because there's words in there or whatnot. If there's a breath in there,
G : they could transcribe that.
G : Right. But if there's a big hunk of speech, let's say on Morgan's mike where he's  all,
G : But outside  could  have been stuff that wasn't transcribed.
E : not  breaths  speech  silence  region.
E : And they - so they hopefully  marked  in - in those channel-specific files.
A : See, in a - in a way this is a really key point,
A : that for speech recognition, uh, research,
A : e- a - it's not  minor  part. In fact,
A : the - I think- I would say the core
A : of other things that are not  meaningful.
A : So it's critical  -
A : it's not just incidental it's critical
A : components that are not
A : that's  out  of  problem.
F : Yeah.
A : and, uh, we - we didn't have noise, we didn't have convolutional errors, we didn't have extraneous, uh, behaviors, and so forth, and
A : actually  speech recognition
A : i- i- isn't that bad
A : right now. I mean you can - you know it's -
A : it's - the technology's come along  complain  about it is because is - when - when you have
A : more realistic conditions  then - then things fall apart.
F : get rid of the breathing, so it wouldn't even have to be processed at thi- at this computational le- well, let me see, it'd have to be computationally processed to get rid  of it, but if there were,
F : uh, like- likely on the frontier, a good breath extractor
A : But that's a research  question,
A : And we don't either.  I mean so - so the thing is it's - it -
A : particular degradations because that's actually the research  that we're trying to feed.
F : O_K.
A : So, you know, an- and maybe - maybe in five years it'll work really well, and - and it'll only mess-up ten  still  want to account for that ten percent, so.
G : models for them. I mean, that's what a lot of people do nowadays. And so in order to build the model you need to have some  amount of it marked,
C : Hmm.
G : you know, conversation. We don't have to go and search for them to - to mark them at all, but, I mean, if they're there while they're transcribing some hunk of words, I'd say put them   in if possible.
F : O_K, and it's also  microphone's  adjusted.
A : Should we do the digits?
B : O_K, this is Transcript L_ one seven three.
B : Four three, six eight, one three, six five, nine three.
B : Seven, three zero eight, five nine, one seven six, one.
B : Five six O_, one
B : O_ three eight, five one zero, eight six eight.
B : Six four six, five one, eight seven seven three, four.
B : Eight two four three
B : Zero two five, nine four, two zero eight six.
B : Two eight nine, six seven one, two nine, one six.
B : Four, three nine nine, seven six, three zero zero, three.
B : Two seven seven, five five, six three nine zero.
G : Transcript L_ dash two five seven.
G : Six two O_ O_, zero one two nine, zero two three six.
G : Seven zero three four, six, three six eight.
G : Four six three, two three, six eight four one.
G : O_ six, four nine, five eight, two three, one six.
G : Seven, seven eight five, nine zero, seven two four, four.
G : O_ one four, two six four, eight four three five.
G : One, eight seven seven, four five, eight seven two, two.
G : Four nine five four, one O_ one five, five one O_ five.
G : O_ two two, O_ zero, zero two zero six.
G : Six five five six, one, eight five eight.
C : Transcript L_ dash th- four two three.
C : Nine two zero, two six, seven one three two.
C : Four one O_, five zero, three one nine three.
C : Four eight eight, four five one, two four eight seven.
C : Eight four seven, two three four, six O_, three.
C : Nine three nine, two five,
C : six six -
C : six six, four zero.
C : Three, five one three, nine eight, six five three, three.
C : Seven one three O_, five six zero one, four nine eight seven.
C : Seven two nine, six one one, four six three.
C : Four three five, one six, nine one, O_ zero.
C : O_ two, nine zero, O_ zero, three one, seven three.
E : Transcript L_ five five nine.
E : Four two, nine one, eight eight, four two, two nine.
E : Five two, three five, two eight, three six, three eight.
E : Six eight, four nine, one four, seven one, five six.
E : Four eight three, seven two, four one eight O_.
E : O_ one one three, five, two one six.
E : Three four, seven five, O_ seven, three five, two zero.
E : One, one nine one, zero nine, seven O_ five, one.
E : Two five one three, five, five two seven.
E : Three four six three, five three O_ seven, four zero one two.
E : One eight zero, five nine five, nine three nine.
A : Transcript L_ four nine three.
A : Nine three four, six eight, five two six eight.
A : O_ four three, eight six four, two three nine five.
A : Four nine two, one one O_, eight seven one zero.
A : Nine five three, zero three O_, six eight four.
A : Eight five seven one, five zero nine two, nine three eight nine.
A : Eight three two one, three,
A : Two seven three six, nine nine eight nine, nine five seven four.
A : Seven three, zero five, four three, five three, three one.
A : Six six one, three nine, five five four two.
A : Six five, one nine, five eight, nine three eight five.
D : Transcript L_ dash thirty-one.
D : Three two seven one, nine, six six five.
D : Six O_ eight, three one six, eight five one one.
D : Seven, O_ nine four, nine two, one six nine, seven.
D : Four seven, O_ one, four nine, nine zero, two five.
D : Three seven nine, two four two, seven nine O_.
D : Eight six, one
D : Five eight, six four, four four, three eight, seven seven.
D : Two eight seven, six eight, five nine nine two.
D : Zero four, three four, eight, six eight, five.
D : Zero eight one, six three nine, one six eight
F : Transcript L_, six two one.
F : Zero two three, one nine five, eight five four.
F : One five zero one, one, eight eight three.
F : Nine six, six three, two five, seven eight, seven nine,
F : two O_ six, four three, four six six zero.
F : Three six, two three, six eight, three five, two four.
F : One seven, two six, one nine, seven two, six five.
F : Eight nine, eight seven, three two, two one, three eight.
F : Two three three seven, seven, one nine five.
F : Four eight eight seven, six one three five, three three five seven.
F : Nine five eight, five one five, four two two.
D : Mmm. Alright.
