D : That's a different thing.
C : shift things and th- the - the symptom  is typically that you -
C : In fact, uh m- my brother's a gerontological psychologist and he - he uh
C : gets down to sort of only three measurements that are good enough st- statistical   predictors of all the rest of it.
E : Yeah.
C : have
C : Oh. Yeah. About  old  I am. O_K.
A : Yep. We can edit that out if you want.
D : Oh, that's optional.
D : You know .
A : This  time the form
C : It also  later.
C : Because Jane uh is not here  yet.
C : Uh, she's probably least  involved in the signal-processing stuff so maybe we can just -
C : just uh, I don't think we should go though an elaborate  thing,
E : The  @@  -
C : um
C : Uh. Right now, that  he's not really showing any kind of uh distinction,
C : but uh - but  we discussed a couple of the possible things that uh he can look at.
C : Um. And uh one is that uh this is all in log  energy and log energy is basically compressing the distances
C : uh between things.
C : Um uh temporal
C : standard deviation in the log domain,
C : may not be the right thing to do.
D : Are these the long  term means? Like, over the whole - I mean,
D : the means of what?
D : All the frames in the conversation?  Or of things that -
C : Neither. It's uh between the pauses uh for some segment.
C : he's uh measuring  at the frame level -
C : of what  -
C : But one thing he was pointing out is when he - he looked at a bunch of examples in log domain, it is  actually pretty hard to see
C : the change.
C : And you can sort of see that, because of j- of just
C : if you sort of have log-X_  plus
C : log- X_ ,
D : Yeah, maybe it's not log distributed
C : that's the log  X_  log  two  effect of having two of them.
E : @@
D : But you could do like a C_D_ F  know  that the distribution here is
C : Actually, a P_D_F .
C : But, either  way.  Yeah.
C : B- Yeah, but I think also
C : and can not  see
C : a change in how big the - the signal is,
C : I think you should at least  be able,
C : doing casual looking and can get the sense, " Hey,  there. " and then you can play around with the measures.
C : So. And when he's looking in straight energy  is,
C : Actually we ca- had a question  Adam  in this.
C : uh speech segments or s- or sampling over the -
C : uh the amplitude equalization,
A : um sampled ten minutes randomly.
C : Right, O_K. So then that  means that someone who didn't speak
C : very much
C : probably  i- i- i-
A : Yeah, this was quite quick and dirty, and it was just for listening.
C : is - is -
A : And for listening  well.
A : Not a good measure.
C : different people do  that there is -
C : we were agreed that in addition to that
C : uh there should be
C : s- stuff related to  pitch and harmonics and so forth.
C : Well, actually, you do  have some distributions here,
C : uh for these  cases.
C : um uh,
C : separated.
E : This is the - the first derivate of log of frame  energy
D : What  -
D : Frame energy.
A : Except that
D : I mean, what I meant is, even if you use linear,  raw
C : "Number" -
D : measures, like raw energy or whatever,
D : we shouldn't make any assumptions about the distribution's shape,
C : Yeah. But - And so in - in these  got
C : just  derivatives,
D : Yeah.
D : Right. So, we don't
A : Interesting
E : I - I - I haven't the result
D : Well it might be just good to know what it looks like.
C : That's uh single  feature
C : looking at the distribution, is  a good thing to do.
E : Catal-  uh - Combining the different possibilities of uh the parameters.
E : n- two combination.
E : combination of two, of energy and derivate -
C : Yeah, but - but what she's saying
C : is, which is right, is le-
C : let's start with the most  basic  wh- thing,
C : which is we're  arguing
C : uh if you look  energy,
C : there'll be more
E : That's right.
C : just take a look at the distribution  things,
C : much  plotted  here,
C : just uh do it -
C : Well in this case you have three.
C : You have the silence,  and that - that's fine.
C : worsened  by the -
C : looking at regular  energy,
C : looking at log  energy, we were just proposing that maybe it's -
C : you know, it's harder to see with the log energy,
C : does   a particular choice of normalization make it better?
C : But I had maybe made it too complicated
C : early on, that you look at scatter  two  dimensions.
C : Let's start off just in one,
C : uh, with this feature.
C : I think that's probably the most basic thing, before anything very complicated.
C : pitch-related  things are - are - are going to be a - a really likely candidate
C : to help.
C : Um
C : But
C : uh your  intuition
C : from looking at some of the data,
C : that it did  up,
C : talking,
C : match your intuition.
C : having -
C : having this table,  with the standard deviation, the variance and so forth,
C : it's harder  to interpret than just looking at the -
E : that eh in several - oh e- eh several times eh you have an speaker
E : eh come  with another speaker with high energy and the
E : Because there reach very many  @@
C : This is -
C : I w- want to point  to visual things,
C : "If it's a reasonable  all,
C : there's some  separation."
D : So. Locally.  And the other thing is I-
E : just locally , yeah.
D : Sorry. I -
A : I was just going to say that - that
A : right now we're just exploring.
A : What you would imagine eventually,
E : Yeah.
A : does a good job at one  another  type of overlap.
C : thirteen or fifteen or twenty features to look at.
C : Because something is a good  feature
C : that you shouldn't  any  of that unless you know
C : the individual  ones, at least, have -
D : Well, especially  normalizing.  I mean,
D : it's really  pick a normalization that matches the distribution for that feature.
D : e-
D : all  speech,
D : the speech from just,  say, Morgan,
D : And just  just  their overlaps,
D : you know, if you can detect something that  can't  that  way, there's no
A : No prayer.
D : helpful  cleaner  individuals and then that combination alone.
D : Plus,  I think it
D : The m- the right model will be easier to see that way.
D : Adam,  cuz he has a lot of overlaps and some other speaker who also has e- enough speech and just
D : three  cases of Adam and the other person and the overlaps, maybe -
D : and just look at the distributions,  is  a clear
B : you can see
B : eh you know without
B : the
B : extra
D : Cuz if energy doesn't matter there,  like -
E : To study  individual?
B : Well, you - you - you don't have to study everybody
A : That was a great
D : you know, there's a conservation of energy and everybody -
D : both   all.
B : what if the equipment  adjusts somehow,
C : no we don't  that.
B : O_K.
A : But I think that's what I was saying  about
A : overlap.
D : and within  those types,
D : like as Jose  sounded like a backchannel overlap,
D : meaning the kind that's encouragement,  like "Mm-hmm.", "Great!", "Yeah!"
D : And it doesn't  floor.
D : some of those,  as you showed, I think can be discriminated by the duration of the overlap.
D : at one of our meetings - He's
D : in mid-January. He's interested in trying to distinguish the types of overlap.
C : Well I -
D : help by categorizing some of them and then,
D : you know, look at that.
C : actually still  recommend that he do the overall thing
C : because quickest  thing for him to do.
C : and look  at it.
C : And then  stuff
D : Yeah, no. I didn't  mean that -
D : for you  to do that, but I was thinking if -
D : if Don and I are trying to get categories  data  for you, and we say this is what we think is going -
D : So you don't have to worry about it. And here's the three types of overlaps. And we'll - we'll do the labeling  for you.
C : Hm- hmm.
D : Yeah, that we would be working on anyway.
E : If there's time.
D : Then maybe try  cases,  and see if that helps, or -
C : from the means  that you gave,
C : I don't have any  sense
C : you know, there are any  should  be
C : should be somewhat  separated.
E : Yeah.
C : I - I would still guess that if they are not separated at all,
C : but
C : For instance, I mean I wouldn't expect that it was very common
C : overall,  that
C : lower,  would.
D : a case where - where you would never  know that unless you actually
C : I mean. No. It could - it probably does  happen sometimes.
D : It might  case,  comes  non-backchannel  cases.
D : Because in back- Most  people when they're talking don't change their own
D : predicting  the backchannel.
D : And sometimes it's a nod and sometimes it's an "mm-hmm". And the "mm-hmm  energy.
D : other  cases might.
C : e-
C : e-
C : and - and again what they - what difference there was  would kind of be lost in taking the log,
C : so,
D : Well, it would be lost do.  It just -
C : as well.
C : Well, it won't  big.
D : I mean, even if you take the log,  measures. So.
A : Sure, but tone  might be very
A : You could imagine doing specialized  types  of backchannels,
C : I guess my point is, if you're doing essentially a linear separation, taking the log first does  in fact make it harder to separate.
C : it's a nonlinear  does  in fact change the distinction. If you're doing a non- if you're doing some fancy thing then - then yeah.
C : But anyway,  disagreeing on any of this, we should look at it more uh - more finely,
C : between  all.
C : And then you can move on to the uh
C : uh more pitch related stuff.
E : Not  consider the log
E : @@
C : Have you started looking at the pitch related
E : The - ?
C : Pitch related?
E : I agree with you
C : Oh, that's not  meant.
C : we certainly  see  this but I - I - I -
C : I certainly  better  than the
C : Yeah.
E : O_K.
E : I - I had to finish
E : by the moment with the
E : and - and concentrate my - my energy in that problem.
C : O_K. But I think, like, all these derivatives and second derivatives and all these other very fancy things, I think I would just sort of look  and then
C : get into the harmonicity  as - as
C : um, I know Adam  form  stuff he wanted to talk about
B : I wanted to ask just s- something on the end of this  top- topic. So,
B : at the bottom of that I did  proposal,  through  coding  involved  in s-
B : you know, with reference - and you know I said that on my - in my summary,  that
B : overlapped  with or overlapping
B : but that in itself is not informative  types  of overlaps they're involved in so
B : I  types  that.
D : That  great.  great.
B : it sounds like you also have uh something in that direction.
D : We have nothing - You know, basically, we got environment
D : had  would  or we'd have to, to get started,
D : but if - It -
D : it would be much better if you  can do it.
D : You'd  at doing it also because
B : Interesting.
D : I don't have  a good feel for how they should be sorted out, and I really didn't wanna
B : Mm-hmm.
D : I think that's  effort in and of itself,
D : because you can read  turn out and,
D : You know, it's always  an interesting question.
D : That'd be great.
D : That'd be really  funding
D : he - we're not paying him the full
D : R_A-ship for - all  time.  So.
D : data  where - where -
E : we can consider is eh the duration.
E : Because is possible eh some s- s- um eh
E : some classes eh has eh
E : a duration very short
D : Yeah, definitely.
B : It may be correlated.
E : we have overlapping with speech.
E : I think,
E : window   of normalization,
E : normalization window.
E : Eh because eh if we have a type of,
E : a kind of eh
E : eh to normali- i- i-
E : that if we normalize eh with eh
E : eh by the left eh ri- eh
E : eh oh a small window
B : Mm-hmm.
D : Yeah, that's true. The window shouldn't be larger  backchannel.
D : Yeah.
E : mmm
E : bigger
E : eh the effect
E : stronger
E : eh
E : only a
E : window
E : Not  -
C : around  overlapping  but -
D : Well it's a sliding  window,  right? So if you take the - the measure
D : in the center of the overlapped piece,
D : something.  really  huge
E : to consider only the - the small window
D : You know, you shouldn't be more than
D : like - definitely  three  times as big as your -
D : as your backchannel.
C : I'm not sure that's true.
B : It is  empirical  question, it seems like.
C : again if you're just compensating  gain,
C : at consistent level,
C : And then you  still s-
C : And then if you look at the frame with respect  to that,
C : change
D : Yeah, it depends  That's  something we don't know.
B : in this small @@
A : a couple of different things. I mean, one is your analysis  window and then the other is any sort of normalization that you're doing.
C : where we were last  week.
D : it is  time  marks,
D : and I was assuming that  inherited  because,
D : you know, this student and I would be looking at the time
B : Good. So, it wouldn't be
E : my transcription   file, no?
D : @@
D : I don't think you need  to.
A : Well we're not any time soon  alignment.  So.
E : Yeah.
D : Well, we - we wouldn't be able to do any  anyway,  so somehow if -
A : I mean w- I guess we could do a very bad  one with Broadcast News.
C : Well again for the close mike
D : Cuz there's - there's a lot of work you can't do without  that, I mean,
B : It would be very  inefficient.
E : Yeah.
D : Anyway So that'd be great.
C : uh
D : Do we hafta turn -
C : we'll do that later.
A : Yeah Right.
C : So
C : Uh "forms". You had something on forms.
A : Oops.
B : Oh! Oh good,  O_K.
A : So one is a one time only speaker form and the other is the digits.
B : Oh, I  see.
E : Oh it's the same.
E : Oh no no. Is - is new  Is O_K.
A : So, they incorporate the changes that we talked about.
B : Date and time.
B : This is rather a low-level, but
B : On - on the new  Time  then  Date,
B : but I  thought -
A : Oh you mean on the digit  form?
B : but it used  used  first.
B : Oh I  see.
B : Well, how  would the -
A : So it was  intentional.  It's an interesting observation, but it was intentional.
A : Because the date  time
A : and, excuse me, the time  digits,
A : but I'm filling out the date  beforehand.  If you look at the form in front of you?
A : you'll see I've already filled in the date  time.
B : I  always assumed -
B : So the time  exact,  because I've just been taking beginning time -
D : Yeah, me too.
A : Yeah, I've noticed that in the forms.
A : The - the reason  time  person
D : @@
B : we've been messing  up  forms.
A : I know.
E : in - on there .
B : two thirty,  I'd put two thirty, and I guess d-
B : e- everyone  thirty,  and
B : I didn't realize  there was "uh oh
A : Actually it's about one third each. About one third of them are blank, meeting starts.
B : This would be a radical  suggestion but -
B : maybe write down when people
B : start reading digits on that particular   session.
B : I know, O_K.
B : That's a good point.
B : I  see. Good point good point.
B : Seat and Session.
E : "use only"
D : very
B : Well that does  question,  which is why is the "Professional use only" line not higher?
B : Because we're filling in other  things.
B : Well I'm comparing the new  old  one.
A : Oh you're talking about the digit  form. The digit form doesn't -
A : The digit - No, that's alright.  The digit form doesn't have a "for official use only" line.
B : Sorry.
A : It just has a line,
A : which is what you're supposed to read.
B : @@
A : So on the digits  form,
A : everything above  fill-in  form
A : below  reads.
A : You just started talking  form  referring  to.
B : So I was looking at the change  this  new  version of it
B : wi- digit  form, we had one already.
B : are slightly  different.
C : um is the name and email and
E : Ah!
B : And there's an addition  language,
B : which is a bit  redundant.
A : That's because the one, the digit form that has native language is the old  new  form.
B : Oh! Thank you. Thank you, thank you. There we go.
B : Oh,  I'll  catch up here.
B : O_K, I  see.
C : "South Midland, North
B : That's the old and that's the new.
A : I
D : Actually,  I  know is from working with the database and having to figure it out.
C : So is South Midland like Kansas? and North Midland like - like uh Illinois, or - ?
A : I mean. So - so what accent are we  speaking?
A : For the foreign language we couldn't
A : classify every single one. So I just left it blank and you can put whatever you want.
E : the Spanish language from the - the north of Spain, of the south, of the west and the -
E : But.
A : You know, when I wrote - I was writing those down, I was thinking, "You know, these are great linguist ".
A : But I  I  I  don't know how to categorize them.
D : Actually even if you
D : t-
C : if e-
C : if y-
C : if you're a T_I or M_I_T nineteen eighty-five.
A : So I guess my only question  was if - if you were a South Midland speaking
A : Would you know  call  yourself?
D : I don't know.
C : if you're thinking in terms of places,
C : as opposed to
C : names people have given to
D : Yeah. Now the usage -
D : Maybe
D : No, I'm serious.
E : in that side of the - the paper.
D : Well just a little - You know, it doesn't have all  detail,  but you sort of -
B : Well, I  multiple  ones
B : and then the amount of time - so, roughly.
B : you know "ten years
B : on the east coast,
C : I guess we don't  know.
D : As I said, I don't think there's a huge  benefit
D : for some  things it's really
D : clear and usually listening to   it
D : and so does
A : Yeah, so I picked  talked  TIMIT,  TIMIT.
D : these would be satisfying like
D : a speech database,
D : I know  Switchboard.  This is i- almost exactly the same as Switchboard
B : Oh. O_K.
B : I think a lot  of people - Yeah.
A : Yeah, I  I  speak.
D : It's like Northwest
C : Oh, what is  Northern?
C : Well and what - and what's Northern?
D : I think originally it was  North -
A : Yeah, so this
B : I would say, I've - I've got a mix
A : I think at the first  we  same.
A : Or region  is.
D : Well, you have a like techno-speak accent I think.
A : a techno-speak  accent?
B : Geek region.
E : Is different. Is different.
D : leave  this and see what people -
D : and then um
E : Yeah.
C : I'm - now that you mentioned it though, I am - really am  confused by "Northern".
C : I really am.  I mean,
C : if - if you're
C : in New England,  that's North.
C : But that's also  Midland,  right?
B : Oh, @@ . - O_K.
D : Yeah. Of course, that's very  Michigan,
C : and Oregon and Washington are - are Western,  but
C : they're also Northern.
B : Just rule them out.
D : There's only a few people in Idaho.
A : There are hardly any subjects from "beep"
D : No, that's  -
C : Maybe we should  on
D : We could ask where they're from.  Yeah. But-
D : We - we went - we went around this and then a lot of people
A : Because th- if we start  from,  again  language  from? "
D : I mean it gives us good information on where they're from,  but
D : that doesn't enough  about their -
A : You know am I speaking with German accent I don't think  so.
B : Well, see, I'm  mostly "
B : because, you know, then you have some - some kind of subjective amount  time  factored into it.
A : Yeah, I guess I could try  map.  I mean there's not a lot of r- of room
A : I think of  Northern  is the only one that I don't even know what they're meaning.
B : Yeah.
C : That's a joke. That's -
E : Um
A : @@
A : I mean some  Southern  drawl, you know.
D : And those people, if you ask them to self-identify their accent they  know.
B : Yeah, they do.
B : And they're proud  of it.
D : day o-
D : Yeah, exactly.
B : It's identity  thing.
E : @@  style.
D : Depends who you ask, I suppose.
A : W-
E : Oh.
A : I guess that's the problem with these categories.
C : Well, Boston's @@  too .
D : "Characterize your accent if you can."
B : and - and so I  would say, "I don't know".
D : I was - I was thinking of something along that line because don't  know,
D : you know, ruling out the fact that you're totally inept or something,
C : it wasn't that long ago that we had somebody here who was from Texas  sure  accent  left.
A : O_K, so. I propose, take out Northern
C : noticeable  drawl.
B : Oh. sweepingly,  "how would you characterize your
A : So you want to change the instructions  region?
D : W-
A : I  think  it -
A : they're going to answer  way  Region."
A : as if you say "what variety of region - region do you speak?
B : So. I was suggesting not having the options,  just having them -
E : Huh.
A : Well what we talked  that  is so that they would understand the granularity.
B : Yes, but if, as Liz is suggesting, people who have strong accents know
A : I mean that's what I had before,  list  them.
A : I mean I had  TIMIT.
D : What if we put in both?
D : So. One is had  characterize  yourself  accent,
D : Actually
B : because it is  easier  to have it open ended.
D : And we - we might learn  say,  way to ask it.
C : W-
C : This is just a small  thing but
D : @@
B : Well, we thought  about it.
B : we felt people would have
B : that - that there are so  types  these other languages and we are not going to have that many subjects from these different
A : So I mean, I - I mean the way I had it last  was Region was blank, it just said Region colon.
B : That's what I  thought.
A : And - and I  think that that's the best way to do it,
A : because - because of the problems we're talking  last  list,  so I put in a list. So should we go back to -
A : Well, certainly dropping "Northern  is.
D : and then maybe this North Midland, we call it "North Midwest".
D : South  Midwest, or just -
D : South  Midwest.
C : I - I think  so. Yeah.
D : I don't know where Midland is
C : Midland - Midland, Texas  Kansas?  I forget.
C : But there's a town.
C : in - in there. I forget what it is @@ .
D : But, yeah. So. Kansas  South Midland. Right?
E : @@
C : And Colorado,  border,  would be
D : I'm  Kansas,
C : North  Midland.
D : the - dropping North, so it would be
D : where, of course, you have huge
C : But you do  too.  So.
A : Well, I shouldn't say  doesn't  City.  But I have no idea whether it does or not.
B : It does  seem - I mean. I - I would
B : would be easier for an an- analyst  to put in rather than the subject himself.
A : I think that - that was what happened  with TIMIT,
A : was that it was  an analyst.
D : Yeah, I don't know how  it came from.
C : d- w-
C : and
C : Pennsylvania
D : So. That's  England  I think. Yeah.
C : No,  it's not.
A : Oh, no.
B : I sort of thought they were part of the - one of the Midlands.
C : No, no. No. Pennsylvania is not -
D : Well, you know, Pennsylvania  dialect  and it's  totally  different than -
C : Pennsylvania - Yeah. Pennsylvania is not  New England.
C : and uh New Jersey  Maryland  South.
C : We're all tired of this
C : that we're agreeing  with you.
C : So.
B : No. I think -
A : Is that a real accent?
A : N_ E _Y?
D : You could say Liverpool.
A : Because that get's at both  of the things we were trying to do,
B : parenthesis S_
B : paren- closed
B : Cuz if they spent time in -
B : in Britain and  America -
B : It doesn't have to be ex- all  all  exact, just in the same open field
B : with a - with an S_
B : sss,
B : optional S_.
B : Yeah.
C : uh open mike topics or should we go right to the digits?
D : I'm s-
A : So. I - I have a version also  displays  all the channels.
B : So you - this is n- Dan's  patches, Dan Ellis's patches.
D : So when you say " slow ", does that mean to -
A : I  wrote another version.
A : Which, instead of having the one  one  view,
A : It has multiple  with the views.
A : But the problem  with it
A : is the drawing  waveforms  so  slow
A : that every time you do anything  it just crawls.
B : That's a consideration.
A : As you play,  move,  scroll.
A : Just about anything,  and it - it was so slow it was not usable.
D : Oh yeah.
B : that'll be a big  help.
D : Yeah.
A : I think  that the one Dan has is usable enough.
A : It doesn't display  displays  just the mixed signal.
A : But you can listen  to any of them.
A : No, he suggested  that, but he didn't -
A : It's not installed.
B : Oh, I thought  patches.
A : At least not if we're going to use Snack.
A : I mean you would have to do something ourselves.
D : I probably  would  be  trying  use  the
D : whatever's there.  And
A : Why don't we - we see  how Dan's works and if it -
D : Yeah.
D : I wonder - I'm just wondering if we can display  wave  feature  -
D : a feature  stream.
D : And we want to plot that,  instead of the whole wave form.
A : We - we could do  that but that would mean changing
A : I mean this isn't a program we  wrote.
A : and we've done patches  on.
D : it's definitely  great to have the other one. That's -
C : Is there some way  have someone write
C : link it in,  or something? Or is that -
A : Not easily. I mean y- yes  do  that. You could - you can write
A : Let's try  enough,
D : Right.
A : we can do it otherwise. I think  is,  playing  mixed  in  there.
B : also the case that - that uh this multi-wave   thing
B : is proposed to the -
B : uh stream  before  was simply that
B : they hadn't had time to do it.
B : so it's likely that this - this may be entered into the ch- this central
B : @@ .
C : They may well have not  demand  for it.
D : So. You mean they could - they could do it and it would be they
B : us.
A : Depends on how much work  they did.
E : Oh .
B : This one that
B : does  have the status of
B : potentially being incorporated
B : l- likely  being incorporated into the central code.
B : Now, tha- Now, if we develop further
A : I think if - if - if one of us sat down and coded  displayed  fast enough
A : I'm sure they would be quite  incorporate  it.
A : But it's not  task.
D : O_K.
B : you know, tied back into the original,  so that other people can benefit from it.
B : However. I also  understand that you can have
B : very  useful for their purpose and that you don't need to
B : Yeah.
D : I mean
B : Uh-oh.
A : Well, you want to go first?  Or.
D : Well, I can wait for the digits but I
D : can't  stay  discussion  I c-
D : call.
A : Do you wanna go do digits or do you wanna just skip  digits?
D : No, I can do digits if  -
D : But I don't wanna butt in,
D : But if there's something on the rest  of the -
D : O_K. Alright.
C : Yeah, why don't you read the digits and then you can go.
D : This is transcript two seven five one, two seven seven zero
D : nine two five four four
D : O_ four O_ one six
D : zero five nine zero seven
D : one seven nine zero eight three eight
D : two
D : three
D : four zero zero seven zero three zero
D : six four three seven
D : seven six eight nine
D : eight four
D : nine nine five one
D : O_
D : zero zero eight
D : one zero six
D : three four
D : four two
D : five five nine
D : six seven zero
D : seven
D : eight O_ five three three
E : Transcript uh two seven one one dash two seven three zero.
E : seven five seven six
E : eight eight seven zero
E : nine seven four four four
E : O_ O_ one nine
E : zero zero one six seven
E : two two nine
E : three four six one seven
E : four five seven zero one
E : five s-
E : five six four two nine five O_
E : six
E : seven
E : eight zero seven five six
E : O_ one five nine
E : zero four four zero five
E : one five two two
E : two eight one O_ two four O_
E : three
E : four
E : five
E : seven one eight two
A : Transcript two six five one, two six seven O_.
A : four
A : five zero four seven nine seven two
A : seven one three six five
A : eight three O_ eight
A : nine six zero five six
A : O_
A : zero
A : one
A : two zero two
A : four three eight two
A : five two zero seven seven eight three
A : six seven six
A : seven nine seven one seven
A : eight
A : nine
A : O_ O_ two two
A : one three seven
A : two five five
A : three five seven one five three eight
A : four eight one one zero
C : Transcript number two six seven one dash two six nine zero
C : five
C : six
C : seven O_ eight three O_
C : nine two two
C : O_ three six O_ seven O_ four
C : zero six
C : one
C : two seven one O_ one two four
C : three
C : four zero six seven two
C : six four seven eight
C : seven four
C : eight three O_
C : nine
C : O_
C : zero
C : one zero eight nine nine
C : three one nine
C : four two seven seven five
C : five seven five two
B : Transcript two six nine one, two seven one O_.
B : six nine
B : seven
B : eight
B : nine zero
B : zero two six eight two two four
B : one four zero eight
B : two three three three
B : three
B : four nine two four five zero six
B : five
B : six O_ six
B : eight four one three four
B : nine three four
B : O_ eight six
B : zero
B : one
B : two
B : three
B : five two seven one eight four eight
B : six six six two O_ seven one
B : Turn it off.
A : And
