G : the fancy  brain-dead.
F : The digits goes up to about four thousand.
F : And so, once we're - it's done  it would be very nice to train up a recognizer and actually start working with this data.
F : And inc- increase it by one or two percent, yeah.
F : the question  is, should we have the transcribers do that or should we just do it?
C : So you think it's fine to have the transcribers  do it?
F : Um, which again either they  can do,
D : So are these two separate  tasks that can happen?
F : you have to enter the data before,
F : I mean, it's easy to create the files and leave them blank,  and so actually we could do it in either order.
F : it's - it's sort  of nice to have the same person do it just as a double-check,
C : nicest  part of the data, that is, where you've got training and test set that are basically the same kinds of noise and so forth,
A : Per digit.
C : You're right. So if you were doing ten digit,
C : uh, recognition, you would really be in trouble.
C : Um, the - uh there's one microphone that's close, that they have as - as this  sort of thing, close versus distant.
C : Uh but in a car,  instead of - instead of having a projector noise it's - it's car noise.
C : many sites competing, and this was the very best  score and so forth, so.
C : Anyway,  just an indication once you get into this kind of realm even if you're looking at connected digits it can be pretty hard.
D : How did we do on the T_I-digits?
F : Well the prosodics  are so much different s- it's gonna be,
G : a - a digit at a time, or - ?
F : they're reading things like  zip codes and phone numbers and things like that, so it's gonna be different.
C : The very  best system that I saw in the literature was a point two five percent or something that somebody had at - at Bell Labs, or.
C : But, uh, sort of pulling out all the stops. But I think a lot  of systems sort of get half a percent, or three-quarters a percent, and we're - we're in there somewhere.
D : prehistory.
F : And it's still like an order of magnitude worse than what humans do.
C : Um, after coffee, you're right.
C : uh, marking  of articulatory,
C : uh, and so forth. The only thing is I'm a little concerned that maybe the kind  of phenomena,
C : It isn't actually right. In fact there's these overlapping processes   where some voicing some up and then some, you know,
C : uh, that's the reasoning. But,
C : Di- an- anybody - ?
B : @@ .
C : and look
C : the answers .
D : I mean, some  things,
C : like he said, I was gonna bring John in and ask John what he thought.
B : Yeah
D : Points  of articulation? What do you mean?
A : @@
C : Place,  place.
A : Place.
G : you know  what kinds of,
C : Well you might be right that mi- might be the way at getting  at,
C : but the particular reason why I was interested in doing that was because I remember,
C : John Ohala was  looking  at the spectrograms of the more difficult ones.
D : There was no name  for that.
G : "gonna see you tomorrow", it could be "going to" or "gonna" or " gonta  s-" you know.
F : Or " gonta
G : yeah.
G : " guh  see you tomorrow".
F : Well I don't think Morgan's suggesting that we do  that, though.
C : But um,
F : where each line is a particular feature.
C : workshops, that uh when we talked  about doing the transcription project,
F : And in - in fact the inter-annotator agreement  was not that good, right?
G : the transcription of what was really  said, and which syllables were reduced.
G : That's all, I mean .
C : But it's - it's the best compromise  that a group of people scratching their heads could come up with to describe what happened.
D : phone  labels.
F : The word.
C : if you've got a pronunciation uh lexicon that has three or four, this might be have been the fifth one that you tr-  that you pruned or whatever, so sure.
G : So there are some things that you don't have access to either from your ear or  the spectrogram,
G : all you can say. And then there are other  cases where,
G : Right.
G : Right.
C : Yeah.
F : Well the other difference is that the - the features,
G : Right.
G : uh, but it'll be underspecified. Th- there'll   be no way for you to actually mark what was said completely by features.
G : we - we've probably have a separate,
F : Yeah.
B : Well, isn't that - I thought that was,
C : The - but  uh where I'm coming from is, uh,
C : we're coming off of stuff that Larry Saul  did with - with, um,
C : uh, John Dalan  Muzim Rahim  in which, uh, they,
C : to um,
C : image that John Dalan  has about how the human brain does it in which he's sort of imagining that,
C : Some kind of low-level features, which are not,
C : of how thi-  how it's done,
C : but it's still open within that whether you would have an intermediate level in which it was actually phones, or not.
F : That's what I was saying, maybe meeting data isn't  the right corpus.
B : W-
B : generate first guesses  based  on the phone representation at that lower level. It might be a time gain.
B : what you gain
G : Yeah that - that's all I was thinking about. it is  telephone band, so,
D : It'd be a complete,
B : And you get the relative gain up ahead .
D : seed  it, with,
C : something  with an automatic system first and then doing some adjustment.
B : Or would we -
G : That's actually what I was thinking, is tha-  run,
G : they - they - I thought that they were - we should  catch up on what Steve is, uh - I think that would be a good i- good idea.
B : O_K.
B : most of them are  trained with I_P_A. They'd be able to do phonetic-level coding, or articulatory.
D : Are they busy for the next couple years, or - ?
B : you know  what
D : It'd be very interesting though, to have that data.
B : Interesting idea.
G : nonword
G : and the uh -
G : These k- No, I'm serious.  functional,
G : uh, elements. I don't know what you call them.
G : But not just fill pauses but all kinds of ways of and so forth.
G : And some of them are, yeah, "uh-huh"s, and "hmm"s, and,
G : "hmm"
G : "O_K", "uh"
G : Grunts, uh, that  might be interesting.
B : He's got lip - lipsmacks.
A : minimum over the, other .
A : to, yeah, to normalize also loudness and - and modified loudness and things and that those special features actually  are in my feature vector.
F : Of course.
A : in the channel, there - they  the  the speaker doesn't - doesn't talk much or doesn't talk at all.
F : Hopefully that's not the same meeting that we did.
B : th- they transcribe as if it's one channel with these - with the slashes to separate the overlapping parts. And then  we run it through - then it - then I'm gonna edit it and I'm gonna run it through channelize which takes it into Dave Gelbart's form- format. And then you have,
B : boundaries on individual speakers' channels, cuz his - his interface allows  me to have total flexibility in the time tags across the channels.
B : And um,
A : so, yeah - yeah, that - that - that's great, but what would  be nice to have some more meetings, not just one meeting to - to be sure that - that,
A : It seems to me that  would  be good to have,
B : O_K, now you're saying different meetings because of different speakers  audio  both
A : Both - both. Different - different number of speakers, different speakers, different conditions.
E : Even probably with the gains differently will affect it, you mean -
E : Oh, cuz you  use the normalization? O_K.
G : cuz we're running the evals and I just don't have machine time there.
F : Oh, shoot!
G : at level eight or som- at some,
B : The pre- presegment- yeah.
G : tha- right,
G : on the word strings. And if  it's good, then that will - that may give you a good boundary. Of course if it's good, we don't -
A : Yeah sure.
B : How many minutes would you want from - I mean, we could easily,
B : should provide this.
A : If it's not the first  minute of - of the meeting, that - that's O_K with me, but, in - in the first minute, uh,
A : some five minutes of - of - of different meetings,   so.
B : Somewhere not  in the very beginning, five minutes, O_K.
B : So, if I give you like five minutes is the idea that this would then be applied to,
B : providing tighter time bands?
B : Wow, interesting.
A : That's - but - but I hope that I - I don't need  to do it.
B : Excellent. Excellent,  O_K.
A : Yeah. That's - that's what I - that's my future work. Well - well what I want to do is to - to look into cross-correlations for - for removing those,
B : We could,  I mean you - you recorded one last week or so. I could get that new one in this week - I get that new one in.
G : We're gonna be recording them every Monday,
B : that would be an hour sampled,  and then they'd transcribe those - that hour, right? That's what I should do?
B : Oh gosh,
A : Do the transcribers actually start wi- with, uh, transcribing new meetings, or are they?
B : And so I was in the process of like editing them but this is wonderful  news.
C : O_K.
B : So, um,
B : with the lecture hall,
G : And this afternoon.
B : and this afternoon, it drifted into the afternoon,
B : And the,
B : And maybe they don't need  to be further broken down.
B : the transcript what they said, or Pi- uh Tcl   - T_C_L I mean. It's like
B : a similar conv- uh, convention for numbers.  So if they say one-eighty-three versus one eight three.
G : it's in the room.
G : And uh, Jane had this nice, uh,
G : So when that's,
B : And that doesn't - the amount of editing that it would require is not very much either. I'm just hoping  that the units that are provided in that way,
E : I saw a couple, around twenty seconds,
E : right in the middle, it's gonna have a lot of dead time around  it, so it's not -
G : there's twenty seconds in which to place one word in the wrong place-
E : Yeah.
C : Good s- I think that's
D : You ordered them   already?
G : Do we give them to someone,
G : We don't have more receivers,  we just have -
F : bodypack,
F : And then, if we like  them we'll get more.
F : at least try them   out.
F : uh, when I s- when I mentioned  that we thought it was uncomfortable he said it was a common problem with the Sony.
F : And I checked on the web, and every  site I went to,
B : Oh.
C : I said "For the record Adam is - is not a paid
F : That's right.
C : Right.
F : The P_Z_Ms are  Crown,  aren't they?
C : Yeah.
F : And they work very
C : O_K.
F : And then it - we have to go to the planning session for that workshop.
D : Oh, god.
B : Ooo.
F : Yeah.
C : Transcript
C : three two zero five six five three
C : four four five zero
C : five seven five six six
C : six six two
C : seven
C : eight
C : nine
C : zero two
C : one five two six three
C : two five one two
C : three seven
C : four seven zero six eight zero zero
C : five
C : six
C : eight one
C : nine three
C : O_
C : zero four zero
C : one
C : two.
D : Transcript two five nine one dash two six one zero.
D : two four nine seven nine eight O_
D : three four O_ six
A : S- s-
D : four six
D : five
D : six
D : seven zero eight, seven six two one
D : nine three
D : O_ two O_ five
D : zero four one three one zero zero
D : one seven five four
D : two eight zero, two eight one four
D : three
D : four zero five
D : six two zero
D : seven three nine one three
D : eight four one
D : nine seven two, zero one zero zero
D : O_
D : zero
D : one zero six seven nine three one
F : Transcript three seven three one, three seven five zero.
F : seven two O_ O_, four nine nine
F : eight eight eight
F : nine
F : O_
F : zero zero
F : two one one six
F : three three seven
F : four
F : five nine three O_ four
F : six nine nine two two
F : seven
F : eight
F : O_ one
F : zero four
F : one nine five five seven
F : two nine nine O_
F : three
F : four
F : five zero nine
F : seven one four one two zero zero.
G : Transcript three seven one one, three seven three O_.
G : six
G : seven nine O_ three seven
G : eight
G : nine
G : zero
G : one two four three nine
G : two six
G : three
G : four
G : five
G : six O_ nine five
G : eight one
G : nine six six
G : O_ five seven
G : zero
G : one
G : two
G : three
G : five three one four eight O_ three
G : six four two.
F : Pause between the lines, remember?
B : Two one seven one dash two one nine O_.
B : six two nine seven
B : seven two seven O_ seven nine seven
B : eight six
B : nine nine O_
B : O_ eight nine
B : zero
B : one zero seven
B : three two three one
B : four two two four
B : five seven seven eight four
B : six eight zero seven
B : seven
B : eight O_ three four seven
B : nine
B : zero two zero
B : one seven seven O_ seven
B : two three O_ eight
B : three nine
B : four
B : five.
A : Transcript two one five one dash two one seven O_
A : five two four eight
A : six three
A : seven six eight seven, five six nine
A : eight
A : nine
A : O_ O_ seven eight
A : one one
A : two three six
A : three eight
A : four eight one three O_ O_ two
A : five
A : six
A : seven
A : nine two eight, three five two eight
A : O_ three O_
A : zero nine three
A : one eight zero, eight two three two
A : two
A : three O_
A : four O_, six O_, nine six five
E : Transcript two three five one dash two three seven zero.
E : two
E : three
E : five four zero four two
E : six four one
E : seven seven four eight seven two
E : eight
E : nine
E : O_
E : zero zero
E : two three
E : three three O_
E : four eight two
E : five eight nine
E : six O_ nine on four O_ two
E : seven
E : eight zero nine eight zero four zero
E : O_ one seven
E : zero four three zero two eight one
E : one seven eight five seven
E : two nine six two O_ -
E : two nine six two one
C : O_K.
