G : @@
A : So, sorry about not -
A : not pre-doing
A : Chuck.
B : Chuck was telling too many jokes, or something?
A : Yep. Pretty much.
A : No.
F : Well, I'm - I sent a couple of items. They're - they're sort of practical.  I don't know if you're -
G : I thought
F : if - if that's too practical
G : Yeah, we only want th- useless  practical  things? Sure.
A : I mean, we don't want anything too practical. Yeah, that would be -
F : Well, um, I can transcription effort.
F : Uh, maybe um  procedures
G : b-
F : with reference to the cleanliness of the recordings.
G : O_K, transcription,
F : then  these  guys. The - we have great - great, uh, p- steps forward in terms of the nonspeech-speech pre-segmenting of the signal.
A : Well, we have steps  forward.
F : Well, it's a - it's a big improvement.
C : Yeah.
C : I would prefer this.
D : We talk about the - the results of
A : I have a little bit of I_RAM stuff but I'm not sure if that's of general interest or not.
A : I_RAM .
G : I_RAM .
A : I_RAM, bigram, you know.
D : Bi- Bigram.
F : I beg your pardon?
G : Well -
A : What's the interesting stuff?
C : is  - ?
C : Yeah.
B : work that's been done on segmentation would be most - Yeah.
G : Um, and, um, other  I'll  just say very briefly that maybe relates to that a little bit, which is that, um,
G : uh, one of the suggestions that came up in a brief meeting I had the other day when I was in Spain
G : Javier, uh, Ferreiros, who was before,
G : why not start  with
G : what they had before  but add in
G : change  points.
G : silence
G : as, uh, a change  point.
G : Here  not.
G : And, um, so one of the things that they  were pushing in d- in discussing with me is, um,
G : uh, on the, uh, feature  issue,
G : uh, when perhaps if you sort of deal  before
G : and then just broadened  it a bit, instead of just ta- using silence as putative change point also - ?
G : So then you've got - you already have the super-structure with Gaussians and H_- you know, simple H_M_Ms and so forth.
G : a - a difference of opinion  interesting  to look at what features are useful.
G : if we had something that worked for many cases before, maybe starting from there a little bit - Because ultimately  we're gonna end up
G : with some s- su- kind of structure like  that, where you have some kind of simple H_M_M and you're testing the hypothesis that,
G : uh, there is a change.  So -
G : so anyway, I just - reporting  that. But, uh, uh -
D : O_K.
C : Um, so, uh, what we basically did so far was using the mixed file to - to detect s- speech or nonspeech portions in that.
C : And
C : And it was  a system which used only one Gaussian for silence and one Gaussian for speech. And now I added, uh, multi-mixture possibility for -
F : And, um, y- you also did some- something in addition  quiet  speakers in the mix.
A : And did you hand-label  who was loud and who was quiet, or did you just - ?
B : W-
F : And you also provided me with several  different versions, which I compared.
F : And so you change that you change?
C : You can  specify
C : the minimum  length of speech or - and silence portions which you want. And so I did some - some modifications in those parameters, basically changing the minimum -
C : minimum length for s- for silence
C : to have, er- to have, um - yeah -
A : uh, pauses  utterance  overlap  I imagine that doesn't work at all, that you'll have plenty of s- sections that are -
C : That's  it. Yeah.
F : Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. so  transcribers just enormous, enormous savings. Fantastic.
G : Um -
G : you have these twenty-four features. Uh, a lot of them   spectral  features. Is there a - a transformation, uh, like principal components transformation or something? Just -
A : Yeah. It was I_S two.
C : yeah, for our - for our recognizer in Munich -
G : O_K. No, I was j- curious. Yeah, I don't think it's a big deal for this application, but - but - Yeah, it's a -
F : another  thing that also Thilo's involved with, which is, um -
F : O_K, and - and also Da- Dave Gelbart.  So there's this - this problem
F : of - and w- and - so we had this meeting. Th- the
F : Uh  present,
F : um, because
F : th- the interface  and, uh,
F : detailed  might  desired  I
G : Mm-hmm.
F : So we don't have start and end points encoded in a simple bin.
F : Well, O_K. So @@  over- of - of the interface are
F : such that we were - at this meeting we were entertaining how we might either expand the - the
F : interface or find other tools which already do  useful.  Because what would ultimately be,
F : a thorough-going musical score notation would be the best way to go.
F : Because channels,  time-line,  it's very clear, flexible, and all those nice things.
F : uh, excellent ideas on how do
F : um, existing interfaces which might already have  say  something about that?
C : Yes. Um, I
C : talked with, uh,
C : they have, uh, a tool they developed
C : But,  um,
C : Susanne   was  formally at - in Munich and w- and is now at - with C_M_U,
C : which she uses to do eight channels, uh, trans- transliterations, eight channels simultaneously,
G : Excuse me.
C : but  it's running under Windows.
C : And I've got some - some kind of manual down in my office.
A : Well, maybe we should get  enough
F : Mm-hmm. We could - uh, potentially so. I also wanted to be sure -
F : I mean, I've - I've seen  which I guess means spee- speech in Dutch or something.
C : Yeah, but then I'm not sure that's the right thing for us.
F : But -
F : versus - But I'm just wondering, is - ?
A : No, no. Praat  isn't - Praat's multi-platform.
F : Oh! I see.  I  see. So Praat may not be -
C : That's not Praat. It's called "trans- transedit" Susanne.
F : I  see.
G : but, um, I think our outside sponsor is  actually  gonna kick in and ultimately that path will be smoothed out. So I don't know
G : and we'd like to be able to do some  later because just it's inter- it's interesting.
A : What our decision  not  very fine time scale on the overlaps.
A : And - and do what we can later to clean that up if we need to.
F : And - and I was just thinking that, um,
F : if it were possible  to bring that in, like,
F : you know, this week,
F : uh  making really quick progress.
F : And, um, so my - my  my  charge was to get eleven hours by the end of the month. And it'll be - I'm - I'm - I'm clear that we'll be able to do that.
A : And did you, uh,
A : forward Morgan Brian's thing?
F : -
F : So Brian did  you  our -
F : that they are check  first
G : I mean, basically it's - it's all the difference in the world. I mean, basically he's - he's on  it now.
F : Oh, that's - this is a new development. O_K.
G : you know, who just doesn't happen to be here
F : Isn't that great?
B : decide that the checked anyway and possibly augmented?
B : So, I think having a good tool  what.
F : Mm-hmm.
A : And we discussed on some methods to do it. My approach originally, and I've already hacked on it a little bit  -
A : it was too slow because I was trying to display all the waveforms. But he pointed out that you don't really have  to. I think that's a good point.
A : That if you just display the mix  waveform
F : Yeah, exactly.  able  to display
F : different waveforms to clarify overlaps and things, so that's already -
F : Oh, yes, but  -
F : Well, transcriber's  perspective, uh,
F : those two functions are separate. And Dan Ellis's hack handles the,
F : um, choice
A : But only to listen  look  at.
F : Um -
F : That's true. Yeah, but
F : the hack to
F : preserve the overlaps  output  files for each channel,
F : then  also  of having,
G : Have, uh, folks from NIST been in contact with you?
F : think  so.
G : seem to want to get absolutely clear on standards for - transcription standards and so forth with - with us.
F : Oh! This was from before December.  Yeah.
A : Oh, we should definitely get with  them then, and
A : agree upon a format.
A : Though I don't remember email  on that. So was I not in the loop on that?
G : Um. Yeah, I don't think I mailed  anybody. I just think I told them to contact Jane - that, uh, if they had a -
F : I'm keeping the conventions
G : get that straight.
F : N- there was also this, speech-non- nonspeech segmentation thing.
F : uh, we wanna, uh - and Dan Gel- and Dave Gelbart is interested in pursuing  as a -
G : Oh, yeah. He was talking - he was talking - I mean, uh, we - he had -
A : @@  Cross-correlation.
C : Cross-
G : basically look
G : some function of all  of the mikes. So,
G : Uh -
G : And those - those systems work very well,  by the way, I mean, so people use them in
G : and, uh, those - if -
G : Boy, the guy I knew who built them,   them   like twenty -
G : twenty years ago, so they're - it's - the - the techniques work pretty well.
F : channel  identifier.
F : That - that, you know, that would g- help in terms of encoding of overlaps.  The - the transcribers would have less,
F : uh, disentangling to do if that were available.
G : Uh, and we also have these - we have the advantage of having distant mikes too. So that, you cou- yo-
G : uh, you certainly wanna use the close-talking, as a - at least.
F : Um, to code d- so types
F : Um, so wasn't  transcribed, we worked up a - a typology.
F : Yes, exactly. That hasn't changed. So it i- the - it's basically a two-tiered structure
F : where the first one is whether  continues  or not. And then
F : below that there're you know, is it,
F : uh, simply it, um, someone
F : completing someone else's thought,
D : Huh.
A : And I hope
A : at least some  of the time
F : Mm-hmm. Well, would  -
F : That'd be - that'd be nice.  I mean,
A : Well, u- uh, I_B_M was going  to. Um -
A : and I imagine  they still plan to but - but, you know, I haven't spoken with them about that recently.
G : Well, uh, my suggestion now is - is on all of these things to, uh, contact Brian.
F : wonderful  to have a direct contact like that.
F : uh  this.
F : one of my transcribers t- one
G : Mm-hmm.
F : um, by - well, she said tomorrow - the, you know - let's - let's just, uh, say
F : I could send Brian the, um -
F : the transcript.  are -
F : er, uh, I could send him that to do a s- forced alignment on what we're -
F : on the way we're encoding overlaps now.
G : uh, they - and - and, you know, the - the organization always did  wanna help us. It was just a question of getting, you know, the right people connected in, who had the time. So,
G : um, eh -
F : Oh!
F : Yeah. I - I - I don't know  for sure.
E : Did something happen,  on  already  on it, or - ?
G : No, I, eh, eh, p-
F : like - that'd be like him. He's great.
F : Yeah. That'd be great.
A : so one  did  Sony's  replacement  mikes  -
D : @@
A : But I think I need someone who knows more about mikes than I  do, because I couldn't find a single other model that
A : which seems really  unlikely  to me.
G : Oh, I probably
E : You couldn't - you couldn't find the right connector to go into these  things?
A : When I looked,  one  it
A : as having that type of connector. But my guess
A : is that Sony maybe uses a different number  for their connector than everyone else does.
F : And there's no adaptor  for it?
G : Who - who are we buying these from? That'd be a -
A : just in terms of how  you wear them -
F : Oh.
A : But I  felt that
A : in a real  seldom  gonna get people to really do it and maybe it wasn't worth concentrating on.
G : back-off position. That's what I was saying are  gonna get some
G : recordings that are imperfect  life.  hurt,
G : to try to have people wear the microphones properly, if possible, because,
G : um, the natural  really  table.  I mean, I think,
D : Yeah. @@
G : You know, if - if An- Andreas plays around with language modeling, he's not
A : form.
G : But it does happen.
B : I talked to some I_B_M guys, uh, last January, I think, I was there. And -
B : uh, the breathing is really a - a terrible problem for them,
A : enough to the side so that when you exhale through your nose,  it doesn't - the wind doesn't hit the mike.
A : Everyone's adjusting their microphones, of course.
A : And then just close  enough so that you get good volume. So you know, wearing it right about here
F : Is
G : I remember when I was - when I - I - I - I used, uh,
G : a prominent laboratory's, uh, uh, speech recognizer about, uh -
G : This was, boy,  while  ago, this was about twelve -
G : twelve years ago or something.
G : And, um,
G : they were - they were perturbed  in  out.  models
G : they had Markov models for br- breathing out  them   in.
G : Uh -
F : That's interesting.
F : Well, what I
F : to maybe use the display  beginning  judge  whatever,
A : Yeah.
F : and - and then see if when they're breathing it's showing.  I don't know if the - if it's -
G : I -
A : I mean, when - when it's on,  you can see it. You can definitely see it. Absolutely. Absolutely.
F : Oh.
G : I-
A : And so, you know, I've - I've sat here and watched
A : sometimes the breathing, and the bar going up and down, and I'm thinking,
A : I could say  something, but
G : I mean, I think -
F : Yeah. Uh-huh.
G : And  you can do some, uh, you know, first-order thing about it, which is to have people move it,
F : Yeah, i-
G : you can't fine tune the meeting that
F : up, then it might be worth doing.
A : So - so, like, yours is pretty far down  below your mouth. Yeah.
F : always  close to crystal clear and - and just fan- fantastic to -
G : Mm-hmm.
A : I don't know why that
F : uh, your volume  still,  I mean, they - they say -
G : Uh.
G : Anyway.
F : I could say something about - about the - Well, I don't know what you wanna do. Yeah.
G : Well, the other - why don't we do that?
B : One more remark, uh, concerning the S_R_I recognizer. Um.
B : So,
B : if you can in your transcripts mark -
A : mark them?
F : are.  They're putting - Eh, so in curly brackets they put "inhale" or "breath".
F : It - they - and then in curly brackets they say "laughter". Now they're -
F : they're not being precise,  uh, m- So they're two types of laughter that are not being distinguished. One is
B : Mm-hmm.
F : when sometimes s- someone will start laughing when they're in the middle of a sentence.
B : Mm-hmm.
F : So, um, I - I did s- I did some double checking to look through - I mean, you'd need to have extra
F : hhh
F : of the laughing  utterance.  laughing"   a- after the unit.
B : As - as long as there is  was
B : I think that's sufficient,
B : you know, is pretty good.  So as long as you can stick a -
B : you know, a t- a tag  in there that -
B : that indicates that there was
F : Then -
A : That would be a really  prosodic feature, when -
F : in between the two words. But if they laugh across three or four  words you - you get it after those four words. Does that matter?
B : Well, the thing that you - is hard to deal with is whe-
B : think that we can do very well with that. So -
A : Right.
D : Yeah.
G : Uh  is it?
F : I think he's right. Yeah.
A : phonetically,  word  models, or what?
B : We tried both. Uh, currently,
D : @@
A : So train a phone in the neural net?
B : So the - so the - the mouth noise, uh, word  has just a single phone,
B : um, that is for that.
G : @@
G : we now  think that laughter should have three sub- sub-
G : sub-units in the - the three states, uh - different states. And then you would have three -
A : Do whatever you want.
D : Yeah.
B : s- uh, you know, a single phone  in the pronunciation, but it has a self-loop on it, so it can -
A : To
B : r- can go on forever.
B : We also tried,
G : If you want, I got it.
H : Andreas.
B : Yes.
H : The  are ready .
B : O_K.
B : Anyway.  also  pause  model - I mean, the - the - the model that -
B : that matches the stuff between words.
B : And, um,
F : Mm-hmm.
A : I just wanna mark that you did not  read digits.
F : which  is more frequent, whether
A : we hand tran- hand-segmented, that - th- he has these little chuckles  as he talks.
G : I'm sure it's very individual. And - and -
G : one thing that c- that we're not  doing, of course, is we're not claiming to, uh, get - be getting a representation of mankind
G : in these recordings. We have
F : Yeah.
G : Uh, yeah. And - So, uh, who knows.
F : O_K.
F : Um, um, the - I - I'm really very for- I'm extremely  transcribing  for us. They
F : are, um, um, uh  really
F : Yeah, I know. I am - I'm serious. They're just super.
F : e- you know, I - I brought them   them   in pairs because I think people can
F : raise questions - you know, i- i- the- they think about different things and they think of different - and um,
F : f- on about a minute or two of the one that was already transcribed.  This also gives me a sense of -
F : You know, I can - I can use that later,  with reference to inter-coder reliability kind of issues.
F : But the main thing was to get them used  conventions  and,
F : them   loose and they're -
F : background  trained  in linguistics. They got -
A : Good.
A : Oh, no. Is that good or bad?
F : Well, they- they're very perce- they'll - So one of them said "well, you know, he really said " n  and ",
F : so what - what should I do with that?" And I said, "well for our purposes,
F : I do  convention.  That  one, I think we - you know, with Eric's work, I sort of figure we - we can just treat that as a variant.
F : But I told them if - if there's an obvious speech  error,
F : uh, like I said in one thing, and I gave my - my example, like  in- instead of "microphone".
F : correctly pronounced". fixing  speaking  everybody knows what - what you mean.
A : You'll self-repair. Yeah.
C : Yeah.
F : Then you'd put a little tick at the beginning of the word, and that just signals that, um, this is not standard, and then in curly brackets "pron error".
F : And, um, and other than that,  noticed,
F : you know, the " nnn  nnn  and  do
F : And - and s- several of them are trained in I_P_A. could  them   to.
A : Hmm. Where were they when we needed them?
G : Well, you know, it might be something we'd wanna do with some, uh, s- small subset of the whole thing.
F : I think -
F : And I'm also thinking these people are a terrific  pool. I mean, if, uh - so I - I told them that, um, we don't know if this will continue past the end of the month and I also -
F : m- I
F : think they know that the data p- source is limited  them   hope  to.
G : The other thing we could do, actually, uh, is,
G : a more detailed analysis of the overlaps.
F : Oh, that'd be so super. They would be so - s- so terrific.
A : I mean, this was something
A : that we were talking about. We could  get a very detailed overlap if they were willing to transcribe each meeting four or five times.
A : So they could by hand  -
G : Well, that's one way to do it. But I've been saying the other thing is just
F : Mm-hmm, that's right. And with the right in- interface -
D : Yeah.
G : we know from the - Steve's experience with the Switchboard transcription is, you know, very,  very time-consuming. And -
G : and you know, it took them I don't know how many months to do - to get four hours.  And so
G : that hasn't been really  our focus.
G : Uh, we can consider  it. But, I mean, the other thing is since we've been spending so much time thinking about overlaps is - is maybe get a much more detailed
F : Mm-hmm.
G : this  year  we - we actually, uh, can do it.
G : @@
G : variations  very
G : next year we may have - have much less. So I don't wanna hire  a -
G : Yeah. So it's - uh, it's - we don't wanna hire  a bunch of people, a long-term staff, because
G : the - the funding that we've gotten is sort of a big chunk for this year.  But
G : having temporary people doing some specific thing that we need is actually a perfect match to that kind of, uh, funding. So.
F : And then school will start in - in the sixt- on the sixteenth. Some of them will have to cut back their hours at that point.
F : Some of them are.  Yeah.
F : Oh, I shouldn't say it that way because that does sound like forty-hour weeks. No.
F : I th- I - I would say they're probably time.
A : how  someone could do forty hours a week on transcription.
E : Hmm.
F : But it's - you can't.
G : Yeah. Yeah.
F : No. You're right. It's - i- it would be too taxing. But, um, they're putting in a lot of -
F : And - and I checked them   them   just spot-checking. They're fantastic.
G : And he's saying "You - you know, I always thought Chuck spoke really well. "
F : also  also,  types
A : We'd have to mark them.
G : Mm-hmm.
F : whatever. So, um.
D : Mm-hmm.
G : Yeah.
F : I think that's a - a good idea. You know, there's also, the e- In my  mind,
F : I think A- An- Andreas was the idea that, um,
F : we haven't yet seen  the - the type of transcript that we get from I_B_M, and it may just be,
F : you know, pristine.  But on the other hand, given the lesser interface - Cuz this is, you know - we've got a good interface, we've got
G : uh  - theirs will end up being a kind of fir- first pass or something.
G : Maybe an elaborate  again  are  alignments,  which will also
F : of the -
F : of the verbal part to be able to - ?
G : And, uh, so in principle  you could start up with something that was kind of rough -
G : da- take a word  and, uh, have a canonical pronunciation
G : and, uh, if there was five phones in a word, you'd break up the word,
G : uh, into five equal-length  completely  gross.
A : Wrong.
G : Right? I mean, th- the timing is off all  any  word.
G : But it's O_ K.
G : You start off  aligns  really  bad.
G : So - so I think using a - a good lot.  Um.
G : But, uh, you know, they both  other.  better  aligner.
G : If you have a good alignment, it helps the, uh, th- the human in - in taking less time to correct  things. So - so -
F : another  too,  and I don't know - uh, this - this is -
F : very possibly a different, uh, topic. But, with reference to this idea of, um,
F : higher-order organization within meetings. So like in a -
F : uses  find  where so-and-so talked about such-and-such,
F : a rough on encoding, like, episode-like level
F : things on the, uh, transcribed  meeting -
F : already  transcribed meeting.
F : where  do  with each meeting, sort of like a, um -
F : manifest,  or - or if that's, um -
F : level of detail would be most useful.  I  over  else  to do, or whatever.
G : Mm-hmm.
F : But this issue of the contents  of the meeting
G : Yeah.
G : Meaning  really isn't my thing.
A : whoever is interested can do  that.
A : We could skip  have  to read digits each time.
G : I - I - I  think it - you know, another - another bunch of digits. More data is good.
D : Yeah. Sure.
G : like  to do that. But I think, do you, maybe, eh - ?
G : Did you prepare  some whole thing you wanted us just to see? Or what was that?
D : I have the results, eh, of the study of different energy without the law length .
D : Eh, um, eh, @@  in the - in the measurement, uh, the average, uh, dividing by the - by the, um, variance.
D : eh, I don't know if you remain  - we have problem to - with the -
D : with - with the parameter - with the representations of parameter,
D : Eh, the scale.
G : O_K.
D : Yeah.
G : Uh, I mean, there- there's two  suggestions, really, which is, uh - what we said before is that,
G : @@
G : at least  obvious  way to normalize so that the energy is anything like a reliable, uh, indicator of the overlap.
G : Um, I - I'm - I'm still  little  @@  should
G : but you don't want to keep, uh - keep knocking at it if it's - if you're not getting any - any result  with that.
G : a completely different  Spain,
G : That is to say, use, you know, as - as you're doing with the speech, uh, nonspeech, use some very general  features.
G : And, uh, then, uh, look at it more  modeling.
G : and, uh, try to indi- try to determine, you know, w- when is th- when are you in  not  in an overlap.
G : And let the, uh, uh, statistical system determine what's the right way to look at the data.
G : I think  interesting  system  overall.
G : But given the limitation in time
G : and given the fact that Javier's system already exists  doing  this sort of thing,
G : its main limitation is that, again, it's only looking at silences which would  -
G : maybe that's  a better place to go.
D : Thilo, eh, working, eh, with a new class,
D : not only, eh, nonspeech and speech, but, eh, in - in - in the speech class,
D : dividing, eh, speech, eh, of - from a speaker and overlapping,
D : to try - to - to do, eh, eh, a fast - a fast, eh,
D : experiment to - to prove that, nnn, this fea- eh, general feature,
D : eh, can solve the - the - the problem,  and wh- what -
D : And, I - I have prepared the - the pitch tracker now.
G : Ha- h- have you ever looked at the, uh, uh - Javier's, uh,
D : And, nnn, nnn -
G : Oh. Maybe m- you could, you kn- uh  show  Thilo that.
G : broadened classes then cover the overlap cases.
D : Yeah.
C : Yeah, but I'm not too sure if - if we can really represent
G : Uh -
C : overlap with - with the s- detector I - I - I used up to now, the - to speech-nonspeech as -
F : Mm-hmm.
D : Yeah.
F : Mm-hmm.
A : I think Javier's might  M  drawback.
G : simple  one. Right? It's -
A : Does  it?
F : Mm-hmm.
A : And then he ch- you choose optimal splitting.
A : @@
A : Maybe I'm misremembering, but I did not  think it had a Markov -
G : I guess I  either.
G : Uh. It's been a while.
G : Uh.
C : Yeah.  look  at it. So.
G : Oh, O_K  I  I  see. And - and -
A : And so I - I think it would work fine  for detecting overlap.
A : What he does  first  pass he - he - p- he does,
A : um, a guess  might  be and he overestimates.
A : And that's just a data reduction  step,
A : so that you're not trying  time  interval.
A : And so those are the putative  places  tries.
A : And right now he's doing that with silence  and that doesn't work
A : with the Meeting Recorder.
A : So if we used another  method  to get the first pass, I think it would probably work. It's a good method.
G : you  had, though. Um.
G : The other  thing one could do
G : and you have Markov models for each.
C : Yeah.
F : He has this on his board actually.
F : Don't you have, like those - those several different
C : the transition between the different class, to model them in - in the system I  now.  could  be possible, I think,
G : I see.
G : Yeah, I mean, I - @@
G : This is all pretty gross.  features  done  before,
F : @@
G : we should at least look at the space  and understand -
G : It seems like if two people - two or more people talk at once, it should get louder,
G : uh, and, uh, uh, there should be some discontinuity in pitch contours,
G : and, uh, there should overall be a, um, smaller proportion of the total energy that is explained by any particular harmonic sequence in the spectrum.
G : So those are all things that should  be there. So far,
G : By the way, I was told  should  Pepe,
G : by your friends,
G : Anyway,  um,
D : Yeah .
G : been exploring, uh, e- largely  the energy issue and,
G : as with a lot  sounds.  energy?  log  residual  energy? Is it - is it -
G : is it, uh, delta  of those things? Uh, what is it no- Obviously, just a simple number -
G : absolute number  isn't gonna work. So
G : it should be with - compared to what?  Should there be a long window for the
G : normalizing  looking  at? Or, you know, how b- short should they be? So,
C : Yeah.
G : any  indicator.  So
G : I - I still  have a hunch that there's - it's in there some place, but it may be - given that you have a limited time here, it - it just may not be the best thing to -
G : to - to focus  on for the remaining of it. So pitch-related and harmonic-related,
D : To overrule , yeah.
G : I'm - I'm
G : seems  work,
G : that, uh, their suggestion of - of -
G : Th- they  models,
G : uh, but in addition there's an expansion of what Javier  one  of those things, looking at the statistical component,
C : Yeah.
G : even if the features that you give it are maybe not ideal  for it, it's just sort of this general filter bank or -
G : Eee somewhere  probably.
D : But, eh, what did you think about the possibility of using  software?
D : Eh, I mean, the, uh - the, uh - the BIC   criterion, the - the - t- to train the - the Gaussian,
D : eh, I - I - I think that an interesting, eh, experiment, eh, could be,
D : th- eh, to prove that, mmm, if s- we suppose that, eh, the - the first step -
D : if - if we - if we, eh, nnn, develop an classifier -
D : and the second step doesn't work N-
A : Yeah. I had tried  hand  well,  lot.
A : So what I d- I d- I took a hand-segmented  sample and I added
A : ten times the amount of numbers at random,
A : and it did pick out
D : Yeah. But is - is - if -
D : But it's possible with my segmentation by hand
D : The -
A : and it doesn't  work,  then we know something's wrong.
D : The demonstration
A : Whether it'll work or not. Yeah.
D : emph- emphasizes  parameter and Gaussian -
G : Let's read  digits.
A : uuh
A : Transcript two nine five one two nine seven O_.
A : six O_ three O_ nine
A : seven
A : eight zero
A : O_ one five O_ two
A : zero five eight four
A : uh, one six
A : two eight five eight three two three
A : three O_ three one five
A : four
A : five zero nine nine
A : seven one one two
A : eight four zero zero
A : nine four
A : O_ seven one
A : zero
A : one
A : two
A : four one
A : five three one two
A : six seven two O_ -
A : Pa- Uh, correct
A : six seven two one O_ eight six.
G : three three eight
G : four four six five two
G : five eight zero
G : six
G : seven
G : eight zero
G : O_ one four
G : zero one one eight one three one
G : one six
G : two five three four six eight one
G : three
G : four
G : five zero six zero one
G : seven one one two
G : eight three three six O_ eight O_
G : nine six five
G : O_ seven three eight
G : zero eight six nine
G : one
G : two O_ two.
E : Transcript two eight three one dash two eight five zero.
E : one eight six seven zero  five
E : two
E : three
E : four zero
E : six one seven
E : seven six three
E : eight five one
E : nine seven seven five six
E : O_
E : zero zero
E : one
E : three two O_ eight
E : four four
E : five five O_
E : six seven eight O_
E : seven
E : eight
E : nine zero
E : zero five
E : one three three five O_ O_ five.
C : O_K. Transcript two seven nine one dash two eight one zero.
C : O_
C : zero
C : two three seven
C : three three two
C : four seven
C : five three O_ two
C : six
C : seven
C : eight zero eight
C : O_ one O_ seven
C : zero three
C : one five O_ three six
C : two eight O_ O_
C : three
C : four
C : five zero two zero zero
C : seven
C : eight nine five one two two zero
C : nine eight five three
C : O_ seven O_ eight.
D : Transcript two eight one one dash two eight three zero.
D : zero six
D : one
D : two zero five zero zero eight four
D : four one zero one
D : five six
D : six seven four
D : seven
D : eight
D : nine
D : O_
D : one two nine four eight five nine
D : two two zero three
D : three six
D : four nine
D : five
D : six
D : seven
D : nine seven nine eight three five zero
D : O_ two seven nine five one five
D : zero eight two five four.
F : nine O_ nine eight nine
F : zero one five zero
F : one two two eight eight four five
F : two five O_ O_
F : three eight two
F : four
F : five
F : six zero zero eight
F : eight one
F : nine five six six
F : O_ five O_ two one eight seven
F : zero seven zero two nine
F : one
F : two
F : three zero zero
F : five three
F : six three five two four
F : seven seven six four
F : eight six two eight zero
F : nine.
F : That's hard to focus on that, you know, really, it's like - "alright, now where am I?"
