E : O_K . Doesn't look like it crashed. That's great.
G : So, I won't do that anymore.
G : No.
B : I mean, are you going to write down that I sat here?
G : So - @@  should  be right
G : Um, reading transcript one two five one dash one two seven zero.
G : seven five three nine
G : one
G : two zero one two seven
G : three O_ four
G : five two six nine
G : six three nine three zero six four
G : seven
G : eight two O_ O_ six three O_
G : nine
G : O_
G : zero
G : two two nine
G : three four nine five O_
G : four five
G : five four
G : six
G : seven
G : eight
G : O_ four two two
G : zero two one.
H : O_K. Transcript number one one nine one dash one two one zero.
H : eight zero one one
H : O_ one nine seven four
H : zero two six
H : one
H : two eight four eight three three seven
H : three
H : four
H : five O_ five O_, eight five six
H : seven three eight
H : eight eight two nine three
H : nine seven eight four O_
H : O_ eight six three
H : zero nine four nine seven four four
H : one
H : two zero eight
H : four w- one
H : five four eight four zero
H : six eight three O_ three eight seven
H : seven
H : eight
E : Transcript one two one one dash one two three zero.
E : nine
E : O_
E : one five
E : two three one two five nine one
E : three seven zero zero
E : four five zero one four five three
E : five
E : six
E : seven
E : nine four one nine zero
E : O_ two seven
E : zero five
E : one four
E : two
E : three O_ two
E : four O_ three eight
E : six two four
E : seven four nine
E : eight four one eight seven five O_
E : nine six zero.
F : Transcript nine five one nine seven zero.
F : nine
F : O_
F : zero zero six two zero
F : one zero six one four nine five
F : three five O_
F : four two O_
F : five
F : six eight
F : seven nine eight five
F : eight
F : nine O_ one O_ two nine nine
F : zero one zero five nine
F : one six zero zero
F : two six six two zero zero six
F : three nine three one zero
F : four
F : five
F : six O_ seven
F : seven O_ nine one four O_ three
F : nine two
A : Transcript one two three one dash one two five zero.
A : O_
A : zero
A : one zero zero zero one
A : three two four, four five three six
A : four five
A : five six eight O_
A : six
A : seven
A : eight
A : nine zero five zero two nine one
A : zero three seven zero
A : one six five nine nine
A : two nine eight, one one two seven
A : three six
A : four
A : five
A : six zero five seven seven eight zero
A : eight one three six two
A : nine two one
A : O_ eight four one O_ five seven
B : Transcript number one one three one dash one one five zero.
B : six five two nine
B : seven eight
B : eight
B : nine
B : O_ O_
B : one one eight
B : two four nine two
B : three five seven eight zero
B : four five zero two
B : five six eight
B : six
B : seven
B : nine one four
B : O_ six two
B : zero six eight
B : one nine eight two nine
B : two
B : three
B : four
B : six one O_ six O_ five nine.
C : Transcript one one five one, one one seven O_.
C : seven three
C : eight six eight
C : nine three six
C : O_
C : zero zero two
C : one O_
C : three two nine, six O_ six eight
C : four three zero zero
C : five six
C : six five zero eight
C : seven nine zero six three
C : eight
C : nine zero two two five
C : zero one five
C : one five
C : two five three
C : three
C : four
C : five O_
C : six.
D : Transcript, uh, nine seven one, nine nine O_ t-
D : O_ three six one six
D : zero nine zero, five four zero three
D : one
D : two O_ O_
D : three zer-
D : three zero five
D : five one nine one five
D : six five seven two
D : seven nine O_
D : eight nine three four three O_ O_
D : nine six O_
D : O_
D : zero zero nine two seven
D : two one three zero one zero zero
D : three three six O_ one nine eight
D : four four
D : five seven zero
D : six
D : seven
D : eight O_
D : O_ three seven eight.
E : So uh, you see, Don, the unbridled excitement of the work that we have on this project. It's just uh -
H : O_K.
E : you know, it doesn't seem like a bad idea to have that information.
G : And I'm surprised I sort of - I'm surprised I forgot  that, but uh I think that would be a good thing to add.
E : Yeah, I - I'd - I think it's some-
G : After I just printed out a zillion of them.
E : and um I was thinking
E : So uh I'm suggesting we turn it around and - and uh sort of we have - anybody has some
E : the one th- one thing I know  that we have on that is uh we had talked a - a couple weeks before um
E : we had a little go around trying to figure out what you meant by " events " but
E : I think, you know, what we  had meant by "events" I guess was uh
E : But I th- I gather from our discussion a little earlier today that you also  mean
E : uh interruptions with something else  like some other noise.
E : So at any rate  you were - you've - you've done some work on that and um
E : uh and one  also  came up uh is some discussions that - that uh - that uh Jane had with Lokendra
E : Uh. Well, I don't know if we - if this is sort of like everybody has something to contribute sort of thing, I think there's just just a couple - a couple people primarily um but um
B : but it's something about how um,
B : And I don't have it quite right, but that kind of thing, where you have to draw the inference that, O_K, there's this time sequence,
B : but also  cause  of the fall and that
B : um it was the other person who fell than the one who cleaned it and it - These  So,
B : I looked through the transcript that we have so far, and um, fou- identified a couple different types of things of that type and um,
B : one  of them was something like uh, during the course of the transcript, um
B : And - and Dan Ellis said, "Well, we're just so far ahead of the game  need  to".
B : So it's the - it's
B : that um, i- that have  enough space,
G : So, do you think his interest is in using this as data  training  material, or what?
E : um we were trying to think of ways that his  interests could interact with ours and um
E : uh and um such things might be useful  for that
E : into some of the data that we're - already have
E : and see, is there anything  all?
E : Is there any point which you think that, you know, you could gain some advantage and some potential use for it. Cuz it could
E : And - and uh I got  plausible  at least.
B : It's possible. Uh, he was - he - he - you know - We met and he was gonna go and uh you know, y- look through them more systematically and then uh meet again.  So it's, you know, not a matter of a -
E : So anyway,  that's - that's e- a quite different thing from anything we've talked about that, you know, might - might - might come out from some of this.
C : I mean, he's talking about just using text
B : I mentioned several that w- had to do with implications drawn from intonational contours and that wasn't as directly relevant to what he's doing.
B : He's interested in these - these knowledge structures, inferences that you draw i- from -
G : And I imagine that transcripts of speech - I mean text that is speech - probably has more of those than sort of prepared writing. I - I don't know whether it would or not, but it seems  like it would.
B : Oh.  That  aspect.
G : I mean, so, if I just read that Dan was saying "we're ahead of the game"
G : I might not realize  disk  space as opposed to anything else.
F : I f- f- f- I've - @@  d-
F : So who is " he " in this context?
C : I believe it.
F : three four minutes without ever mentioning the person's name  again.
C : Actually to make it worse,
G : It's in my notes.
F : this is - gonna be a big, big problem if you want to later  do uh, you know, indexing, or
C : uh, Morgan uses "you" and "you" no  identification, or -
F : speech understanding of any  sort.
C : I just wrote this down. you  had some ideas" and he never said Li- He looked -
F : You just wrote this?
D : Yeah.
G : Well, I think he's doing that intentionally,  aren't you?
C : Right, so it's great. So this is really great because the thing  in
G : Oh, that  interesting.
D : Yeah.
G : Well, especially  Morgan,  with the way we have the microphones arranged. I'm sort of right on axis and it would be very hard to tell.
G : Sure, but I think if I'm talking like this?
G : Right now I'm looking at Jane  Chuck
C : But you don't have this - this problem.
G : So if I'm talking at you,  you.
G : Lawyers.
C : Even though you could  on,  just from the acoustics who you were t- who you were looking at.
G : And we did  mention  was.
G : Do - Sh- Can I say or - or is that just too sensitive?
B : Well -
B : And in fact, it is  is  sensitive. I - I came up with something from the Human Subjects people that I wanted to
B : mention. I mean, it fits into the m- area of the mundane, but they did  say -
B : You know, I asked her very specifically about this clause of how, um, you know, it says "no individuals will be identified uh, "in any publication using the data." O_K, well, individuals being identified, let's say you have a - a snippet that says,
B : Now I mean, we're - we're gonna be careful not to have the " wrongheaded " part in there, but - but you know, let's say we say,
B : you know, "Joe used  to think so-and-so about this area, in his publication he says that but I think he's changed his mind." or whatever.
E : But I - I mean I think also to some extent it's just educating the Human Subjects people, in a way,  because there's -
E : If uh - You know, there's court transcripts, there's - there's transcripts of radio shows - I mean people say people's names all the time.
E : Right, so I - So my behavior is probably not natural. So.
C : "If Person X_ -"
F : go over the transcripts later anyway,  you could make it one of the
F : jobs of the do  that to mark u-
G : Well, we t- we t- we talked  about this during the anon- anonymization. If we wanna go through and extract from the
E : Yeah, I di- I didn't intend  it an a policy though.
F : Well, I still  is.
C : he  that  prosody.
E : I - I do- I don't remember
E : Ah. Uh, we were talking about Dan at one point
B : Yeah, depends on which one you mean.
C : It's ambiguous, so it's O_K.
C : And the downsampling must have been Dan.
G : Yeah.
E : Good -
D : O_K.
F : As opposed to the rest
E : Right.
D : But eh,
D : In that way I -
D : eh besides  the overlapping zones,
D : eh I - I - I mean the eh breaths eh aspiration eh, eh, talk
D : I don't know what is the different names eh you use to - to name the - the n-
D : Yeah.
D : Eh, - to m-
D : to nnn - false   - eh, the false eh hypothesis eh, nnn, which eh are produced when we use the - the ehm - this eh parameter - eh I mean pitch eh, eh, difference eh, feature -
G : Umh.
A : may be difficult even for humans  to tell that there's two there.
G : You weren't talking about just overlaps  events.
D : Ye-
G : Someone starts, someone stops -
D : Eh?
E : No no, how many   of them were the overlaps of speech, though?
G : Ugh.
D : Alm- Three hundred   overlapping zone.
E : No no, but I think what she's asking is three  two,  one  event?
D : I consider one event eh for th- for that eh for all  the zone.
G : Umh.
G : So let's say me and Jane are talking at the same time, and then Liz starts talking also  that  be?
G : So, two
G : and then a third  person starts talking. Is there an event right here?
E : in between  regions where there is only one person speaking. And one contiguous region like that you're calling an event.
E : Is it - Are you calling the beginning  end  length  of it the event?
D : I consider the - the, nnn - the nnn, nnn - eh, the entirety   eh,
D : But eh I - I don't distinguish   between the - the numbers of eh speaker.
D : Uh, I'm not considering eh the - the - ehm
D : Because eh for me, is the -
D : is the zone with eh some kind of eh distortion the spectral. I don't mind - By the moment,  moment.  I - I don't -
G : But you could imagine that three people talking has a different spectral characteristic than two.  So.
D : Yeah, but eh - but eh I have to study.
E : Could.
D : What will happen in a
D : I don't know  what eh will - will happen with the -
E : So again, that's - that's three - three hundred in forty-five minutes that are - that are speakers,  just speakers.
D : Yeah?
E : Uh- huh.  O_K. Yeah. So that's about eight per minute.
D : Yeah, but -
B : Well, but a thousand taps
D : General.
G : Silence starting or silence ending -
D : Yeah, silent, ground  to - bec-
A : Oh.
F : much
D : in the per-
D : Yeah.
D : I don't - I - I haven't  the -
D : the - the session - one  session.
D : When eh
D : It's right. But the problem is
D : The - the - the -
D : and you use the eh speech file collected by the eh fet  mike,
D : to do the experiments with the - the system,
G : I_B_M to do word  level transcription, not speech event transcription.
G : So I agree that if someone wants to do speech  event transcription, that
G : the mixed signals here - I mean, if I'm tapping on the table,  any  mikes,
G : but it's gonna show up rather  loudly
D : I say eh that eh,
D : in my opinion,
E : and in the distant mike you could.  So
F : That's good.
E : there's other  close-talking  mikes, so it's -
C : But why  combination  time  aligned?
G : If you use the combination of the close-talking mikes, you would  interrupting  paper  rustling.
A : him  you?
E : Some of it's masking - masked.
G : Although the other  mixed close-talking mikes - I mean, I'm doing weird normalizations and things like that.
D : I - I - I think eh - I saw the nnn - the -
D : I - I - I saw the - the speech file collected by eh the fet  mike,
D : I - I found that nnn - that eh, ehm,
D : pr- probably,
D : I'm not sure eh by the moment, but it's - it's probably  that eh
D : a lot of eh, eh for example, in the overlapping zone,
D : eh, smooth eh eh speech eh from eh one eh eh talker
D : in the - in the meeting,
D : And there are - I think. But I have to study with more detail.
D : But eh my idea is to - to process only nnn, this eh - nnn, this kind of s- of eh speech.
D : Because I think it's more realistic. I'm not sure it's a good idea, but eh -
G : Well, it's more realistic but it'll - it'll be a lot harder.
D : Yeah.
E : Are you making any use - uh you were - you were working with th- the data that had already been transcribed.
E : Yes. Now um did you make any use  of that?
D : I - I - I want to use to - to nnn, eh
D : eh follow in the - in the - in the speech file,
D : to - to c- eh - to mmm
D : I'm - I - I - I think eh we need this information to nnn -
D : Twelve  minutes.
E : Twelve
D : No, forty-five minutes is the - is the session, all the session.
E : Oh, you haven't done the whole session. This is just twelve minutes. Oh.
D : Yeah, all is the the  session.
D : to - to segment eh and label eh twelve minutes from a session of part -
E : So
D : of f-
D : in - in - in - in the forty-five minutes.
E : O_K .
G : Well, not just the overlaps, everything.
F : So, can I ask - can I ask whether you found - uh, you know, how accurate
G : Well, also Jane - Jane was doing word  level.
G : So we weren't concerned  exactly when an overlap started and stopped.
D : Well -
D : No,  it's -
C : show  the exact point of interruption, you just were showing at the level of the phrase or the level of the speech spurt, or -
B : Well -
D : Yeah.
B : Well, yeah, b- yeah, I would say time bin. So my - my goal is to get words with reference to a time  bin,  middle,  but,
F : No, of course.  more  overlaps than - than Jane because you're looking at it at a much more detailed level.
G : Always  need more for -
G : But if it takes sixty to one -
D : Only.
E : Yes. Do not mark any other events, but only mark speaker - up  quite a bit?
E : It took you a long time to mark twelve minutes. Now, my suggestion was for the other thirty-three -
D : Oh, yeah. Sure. Yeah sure. Sure sure. Sure,
E : Yeah O_K. Then I think it's a good idea, because it-
E : There's - there's uh continual noise uh from fans and so forth, and there is uh more impulsive noise from uh taps and so forth and - and something in between with paper rustling.
E : Whereas th- i- I would think  more  or less as a distinct phenomenon the overlapping of people talking.
E : And - and you need to have a lot more  than that to have any kind of uh even visual sense of - of what's going on, much less any kind of reasonable statistics.
C : Now, why do you need to mark speaker overlap by hand  need  to do this p- completely by hand, right?
C : I'm sorry.
E : such as the energy in the L_P_C residuals, such as - I mean there's a bunch of things -
C : In the far-field  mike.
E : start going past  better,  it's not obvious what combination of features
C : What I mean is close-talking  mikes.
E : we talked  about that. s- But so it's a bootstrapping thing and the thing is,
E : the idea was, i- we i- i- we thought it would be useful for him to look at the data anyway,
E : Uh it's a question of what you bootstrap from.  You know, do you bootstrap from a simple measurement which is right most of the time and then you g- do better,
E : then  do your simple measurements, uh from the close-talking mike.
C : Well, that's what I wonder, because um - or how bad it is, be- um, because that would be interesting especially because the bottleneck is the transcription.  Right?
C : um, that you can get the training  data for pretty quickly is, you know, if you infer form the close-talking mikes where the on-off points are of speech, you know, how can we detect that from a far-field?
G : I've - I've written a program to do that, and it, uh -
C : O_K, I'm sorry I missed the - @@
G : to get it to actually generate  something,
G : and I haven't - I don't - what I'm working on - was  into Transcriber.
H : I have to go.
E : See, this is where we really need the Meeting Recorder query stuff to be working, because we've had these meetings and we've had this discussion about this, and I'm sort of remembering a little  bit about what we decided,
E : but I couldn't remember all  So,
G : But -
E : partly that we have e- some ground truth  to compare against, you know, when - when he - he gets his thing going,
B : Mm-hmm.
G : Thanks.
B : Another  thing we discussed was um that -
C : I'll be in touch. Thanks.
E : S- See ya.
E : Yeah.
B : Was that um there m-
E : to - to do it for uh f- fifty hours of -
A : You know, I did - I did uh something almost identical  well.  I mean, i- almost exactly what you described, an energy detector with a median filter, you look for runs.
A : And uh, you know, you can -
G : It seemed like the right thing to do.
A : possibilities and then going through and saying yes or no on them   would be a quick way to - to do it. Yeah.
B : Is this proprietary?
G : Yeah, do you have a patent on it?
A : Uh.
A : No. No.
E : Oh, then everybody owns it. It's the people.
B : Well, I mean, is this something that we could just co-opt,  O_K.
B : @@
A : @@
B : I just thought if it was tried and true, then - and he's gone through additional levels of - of development.
G : Although if you - if you have some parameters like what's a good window size for the median filter -
A : Oh! I have to remember. I'll think about it, and try to remember.
F : And it might be different  for government people.
G : That's  alright
E : Yeah, good enough for government work, as they say.
A : Di- dif- different - different bandwidth.
G : I was doing pretty short, you know, tenth of a second, sorts of numbers.
B : uh more
D : How many? Eh, not @@  I-
B : The overlaps. O_K.
D : I have to - to finish transcribing.
D : So.
G : I b- I bet they're more,  beginning  of the meeting had a lot more overlaps than - than sort of the middle.
G : Because i- we're - we're dealing with the - Uh, in the early meetings, we're recording  lot  of overlap.
C : like
E : That piece was then uh sent to I_B_M so they  could transcribe so we have some comparison point.
F : @@
C : How many meetings  is that? Like - how many - t- ten - It's like ten meetings or something?
G : Well, I haven't sent them yet because I was having this problem with the missing files.
E : Oh, that's right, that had - those have not  been sent.
E : We're  twelve hours.
G : About twelve by now. Twelve or thirteen.
C : And we're recording only this meeting, like continuously we're only recording this one now? or - ? O_K.
E : No, so the - the - that's the - that's the biggest one - uh, chunk so far,
C : Do they meet every week, or every  -
E : Uh, they do.  w- w- And we talked to them about recording some more and we're going to,
E : so, you know, Adam's sort of struggling with trying to get things to be less buggy, and come up quicker when they do crash and stuff - things like that,
E : now that uh - the things are starting to happen.
C : that we're aiming for.
G : We'll find out tomorrow whether we can really do this or not.
E : Uh in fact, the morning  really
G : Actually that's something I wanted to ask, is I have a bunch of scripts to help with the transcription  of the digits.
G : We don't have to hand  transcribe  reading  have  those.
C : Right.
G : And so I have some scripts that let you very quickly extract the sections of each utterance. But I haven't been ru- I haven't been doing  that.
G : Um, if I did  that,
G : is someone gonna be working on it?
G : I'm - I'm interested  time  now.
C : Actually I have o- @@
G : I - I would really like someone to do adaptation. great  for Meeting Recorder.
G : Since it's the same people over and over.
E : to Don  about, is one of the possible things he could do or m- also, we could have someone else do it,
E : Someone may be moving enough that you are not able to adapt quickly and so the tack that we've taken is more "lets come up with feature approaches and multi-stream approaches and so forth, that will be robust  to it for the recognizer and not try to create a clean signal".
E : party lines are always, you know, sort of dangerous. It's good -
E : good to sort of test  them, actually. And so we haven't had anybody try to do a good serious job on echo cancellation and
E : we should know  do.  So
E : the block
E : that would subtract off
E : you had some uh some delay in a satellite connection or something and then there's a - there's an echo.  back.
E : Well, I'm - I'm - I'm saying - That's a simplified version of what's really  really  now,
E : uh, the indirect sound that's bounced around the room  a number of times.
E : To completely  remove the effect of that is sort of impractical for a number of technical reasons, but I - but -
E : use  this uh - this item but I want to subtract off various kinds of echos. So you construct a filter,
E : and you have this - this filtered  version uh of the speech
A : Kind of a clean  up thing, that - O_K.
A : When uh,
E : uh anyway  that's - that's kind of a reasonable thing that I'd like to have somebody try - somebody look - And -
E : to do  that with. I think that'd be enough data - plenty of data to do that with, and
E : Brian's Kingsbury's work is an example of what we did
E : oh yeah, noise.  noise.
E : if there's noise,  looking  at
E : And so, in a noisy  situation,
E : um, also
E : and also a - a c- a complete inversion, if you actually - I mentioned that it's kind of hard to really do the inversion of the room acoustics.
E : so there's - there's - there's that  I mean there's all sorts of -
E : So this was the human subjects folks who said this,
B : valid for a certain number of meetings. She  wanted me to actually estimate how many meetings and put that on the consent form.
B : I told her that would be a little bit difficult to say.  So I think
B : from a s- practical standpoint, maybe we could have them   that often, but um just, you know, so long as they don't forget that they've done it, I guess.
E : Um, back on the data  thing, so there's this sort of one hour, ten hour, a hundred hour sort of thing that - that we have.
C : I mean, is there - I know this sounds tough but we've got the room set up. Um
C : you know, two  forty  so -
E : for a few months, we are  gonna have more like a hundred hours.
C : record, especially  or some kind of deci-
G : We had some good  earlier.
G : I think it's hard to record  those.
C : To be allowed  to record them? O_K.
C : O_K. Well, if  there is, anyway.
G : Oh, that's  match.
E : that was another thing I was gonna talk - uh, mention to them before -
E : Because, you know, we had talked before about the problem about using found data,
E : in a, uh, uh - or - and - and so it doesn't really  give us the - the - the uh characteristics we want.
E : Um and so I do think we're gonna continue recording here and record what we can.
E : But um, it did  or this - you know, this discussion show, and um can you record multi-channel?"
C : With lapel mikes or something?
E : als-  also  is not going to be this exact setup.
C : Right. No, I think that'd be great,
E : So,
E : the other  after  even  possible,  since of course, many
E : radio shows are not live,
E : like some of their - here.
G : Hmm!
C : Well - Or - The thing is, they're not as averse to wearing one of these head-mount- I mean, they're on the radio,
C : Um, I think that'd be fantastic cuz those kinds of panels and - Those  have interesting
C : Th- that's an - a side of style - a style that we're not collecting here,
E : which is where we were coming  from - I'll -
E : I'll talk to you more about it later  is that - is that there's - there's uh
E : The thing was, I was hoping  that we could -
E : @@
E : in the - under this controlled situation we could at least  collect, you know, thirty to fifty hours.
E : And at the rate we're going we'll get pretty close  to that I think this semester.
C : within say a month, you know, how much data do you have to work with. And you - you wanna s- you wanna sort of fr- freeze  awhile
C : right now  - and we don't have the transcripts back yet from I_B_M right?
C : Oh, do we now? So um, not complaining,  um -
E : we should  hours.
G : @@
C : And we just don't know about the transcription  part of that, so. I mean, it -
B : es- especially  since these people won't be
B : uh used  to dealing with multi-channel uh transcriptions. So I think that we'll need to adjust some - And also if we wanna add things like
B : I wanted to ask another a- a- aspect of the data collection. There'd be no reason why a person couldn't get together several uh, you know, friends, and come and argue about a topic if they wanted to, right?
E : If they really have something they wanna talk about as opposed to something @@  - I mean,
E : what we're trying to stay away from was artificial constructions, but I think if it's a real -
E : Why not?  Yeah.
G : Stage some political debates.
B : You could do  could.
C : Well yeah,  or just if you're -
C : if you ha- If there are meetings here that happen that we can record even if we don't shorter  like if it was, you know,
G : We don't have to do the digits at all  want  to.
C : uh, one  string of digits, or something, they'd probably be willing to do.
C : politically  especially  with the I_T_R, if we put in a proposal on it. It'll just look like ICSI's collected a lot more
C : audio  data. Um, whether it's transcribed or not
C : questions you can answer without the transcriptions, or at least that you can start  to answer.
B : It seems like you  meetings.  You know, you and maybe Adam? You - you could - you could maybe hold some additional meetings, if you wanted.
A : Or, I guess the full-blown  without  another  level, just to collect data, which is without the headsets and we just did the table-mounted stuff.
C : Need  the close-talking mikes.
G : It seems like it's a big part of this corpus is to have the close-talking mikes.
C : Um or at least, like, me personally? I would - I - couldn't use that data.
C : So it's a great idea, and if it were true  than I would just do that, but it's not that bad - like the room is not the bottleneck, and we have enough time in the room, it's getting the people to come in and put on the - and get the setup going.
E : by the way, I don't think the transcriptions are actually,  long  run, such a big bottleneck. I think the issue is just that we're - we're blazing that
G : Well, I've been burning two C_Ds a day, which is about all I can do with the time I have. So it'll be early next week.
E : asking about the timing for it. So I think once they  get
E : it sorted out about how they're  gonna do it, which I think they're pretty well along on, cuz they were able to read the files and so on. Right?
G : Yeah, but -
E : Well -
E : Hhh.
E : it's not going to be - I don't think it's going to be that  one  hour, I think. It's not going to be thirty t-
E : It's - it's just getting it going.
C : Right. What about these lunch meetings - I mean, I don't know, if there's any way without too much more overhead, even if we don't ship it right away to I_B_M even if we just collect it here for awhile, to record
C : Just the ch- the chatting.  I actually -
G : Yeah, we have a lot of those.
C : I actually think that's the chatting, but -
C : O_K.
C : Alright, so I'll just throw it out there, if anyone knows of one more m- or two more wee- meetings per week that happen at ICSI, um
E : because they were really intending,
E : didn't happen,  but they were really intending to be duplicating this
E : in some level. So then that would double what we had.
E : I mean really m- a lot more than we have here right cuz we're not right on campus, so.
E : Uh, they seem to have some problems with it. We can - we can talk about that later.
E : One of the things that I think is a little - a little  not  involved uh in our work,
E : are  gonna feel a little bit constrained.
E : Now, it might  get a little better if we don't have them do the digits all the time. And the - then - so then they can just really sort of try to - put the mikes on and then just charge in and - and -
B : Well, you know, I - I do  doing   a meeting is going to be increasing the noise. But I had another question, which is um, you know, in principle,
C : O_K. Alright, alright, alright.
B : it does  seem to me that we might be able to get subjects from campus to come down and
B : do something  something  or other, and
C : No  definitely.
B : i- you know, people who are - Because, you know, there's also this constraint.  We d- it's like, you know, the - the - uh goldibears - goldi- goldilocks, it's like you don't want meetings that are too large, but you don't want meetings that are too small. And um -
A : What about Joachim, maybe he can -
E : But - but we c- But I think, you know, we get some scattered things from this and that. And I - I d- I do  think that
A : You could get a lot of lively discussions from those radio  ones.
C : Well, and they're already - they're - these things are already recorded, we don't have to ask them to - even - and I'm not sure wh- how  must  record from individual -
E : n- Well -
E : I'm talking about new  different.
C : Well, we can find out. I know for instance Mark  data, uh, and -
E : Right, that's the found data idea. But what I'm saying is uh if I talk to people that I know who do  produce  these things we could ask them if they could record an extra channel,
E : let's say, of a distant mike.
E : And u- I think routinely  do  this.
E : So, since I'm interested in the distant mike  that  somewhere
C : Right. Great . O_K.
E : and uh - But if we ask them to do  intrigued  enough by the idea that they
C : That's a good way to end a meeting.
B : Oh.
