E : It's recording.
F : Oh. Wait  a minute. Wait a minute.
F : Yeah. Oh boy, I got  harness.  @@
B : Uh-oh.
F : Um.
D : Hmm.
B : One.
G : Yeah.
C : What
F : Channel five?
E : Channel whatever.
F : Little low?
E : This number   four? O_K.
F : Maybe it should be a little  higher.
F : Can't get it on
F : Ahh. Mmm.
F : Is Jane around or - ?
D : I saw  earlier.
G : She can just walk in, I guess, or  -
F : gonna  ask Adam to,
F : say if he thought anymore about the demo
F : the DARPA meeting is in mid July.
F : I don't remember w- what we -
F : know  that we were gonna do something with
F : the transcriber interface is one  second  thing.
G : we were gonna do a mock-up, like, question  answering or something, I thought,
G : that was totally separate from the interface. Do you remember?
F : Mm-hmm.
G : That was the thing we talked about, I think, before  the transcriber - Come on in.
F : got a - got a month left basically. So.
G : You like  these. Right?
G : O_K, good.
F : else  we got?
F : You got - you just wrote  a bunch of stuff.
G : I was  xerox  them,
F : Oh,
G : We all, by the way,  have the same digit form, for the record.
F : That's  cool.
G : Yeah.
F : them   time  or the comparison of people saying the same digits at different times that - ?
F : I know  that.
F : But, you know, which opportunity should we
G : Yeah.
C : Unison.
F : Unison.
G : have them separately and have the same exact strings. I mean,
G : we could use them   but
G : it of course goes more quickly doing them   I don't know.
G : See how long we go.
F : how long we go and how good the snack is out there. Yeah. Hmm. Get some advance intelligence.
F : Yeah. We'd have to train.
G : We'd be like a chorus.
G : Yes.
F : Yeah.
F : Really boring
F : Um. Do we have an agenda?
F : Um.
C : Are you implying that it's currently disorganized?
D : In my
F : Is there stuff that's happened about, um,
F : the S_R_I recognizer
F : Y- y- you guys were doing a bunch of experiments with different front-ends and then with -
F : We're improving.
C : Yeah. Actually it looks like it's getting better.
F : Oh.
C : With age. Yeah.
F : Yeah. Yeah.
C : that's not d- directly related to me. Doesn't mean we can't talk  about it.
C : vocal tract length normalization is working beautifully,
C : w- using the warp factors that we computed for the S_R_I system and just applying them to the ICSI front-end.
F : That's pretty funny. O_K.
G : So you just need to
C : Just had to take the reciprocal  of the number because
A : O_K.
G : @@
F : Ah!
C : Yeah.
C : But one  Don
C : was, um, as far as meeting  recognition is concerned,
C : segmenter  well,  consider
E : Mmm. So.
B : Come on.
E : Yeah. We - But -
F : Yeah.
E : That- that's what I  anyway,  so we should just
G : since you, um, have high recall, good  because we could train
G : noise  models in the recognizer for these kinds of,
G : uh, transients  microphones,  but
G : we do very  poorly because we're -
G : we're getting insertions in places what - that you may well be cutting out. So we do  some  kind of pre-segmentation.
C : Well -
C : We should - we should consider doing some extra  things, like, um,
G : you know, posteriors or some  kind of - or -
G : discrete,
G : yes  no  for a speaker,
G : consider those particular  speaker background models. So.
F : You had some thing about that?
D : generated before.
D : Yeah.
D : keep them from getting lost.
D : And, um,
C : Where'd you get the digits  from?
D : I  here  and just recorded the numbers one through ten.
A : They sound really  good.
C : And do you splice them into the
D : Yeah. He - then he d- I recorded - Actually, I recorded one through ten three  times at three different speeds and then he picked.
C : Mm-hmm.
D : He liked the fastest
D : and spliced them   in between, uh, two beeps.
E : It will be funny when you're really  reading  digits,  digits in?
D : Yeah. With my -
A : Oh that's right.
E : Yeah.
D : That'll throw them,   huh?
F : Uh, maybe
D : Huh! Maybe. And she said it wasn't gonna - the transcriber  template,
D : uh, that has beep, number, beep. So for them  it'll be very quick
D : So, um, we - We're gonna send them   one more sample meeting, uh, and Thilo has run his segmentation. Adam's gonna generate the
D : chunked file.
D : Our s- our - On our  including  I_B_M's?
D : Well, I  last  one seemed like it took a couple of weeks.
D : Um, maybe even three.
D : Uh, that's just the I_B_ M  side.
D : Our  side is quick. I mean, I - I don't know. How long does your - ?
E : It should  @@  be finished today or something. Yeah.
F : Well, I meant the overall thing. e- e- u- u- reason  Jane  and I have just been talking, and she's just been
F : doing.  transcribers.  really  know
F : she has no choice but to operate in the mode that we already have working.  And, uh,
D : Yeah. I - Yeah, I - I hope
D : @@  them.
F : Yeah. Um -
F : I mean in particular  I would - I would really hope that when we do this DARPA meeting in July that we sort of have -
F : have  a stream going and we know how - how well it does and how -
F : O_K.
F : where we are in transcriptions.
A : Uh, the transcribers have continued to work past what I'm calling "set one", which was the s- the set that I've been, uh -
A : uh, they've gotten five meetings done in that  set.
A : Right now they're in the process of being edited.
A : Let's see, I hired two transcribers today. I'm thinking of hiring another  attrition.
F : They die off after they do this for a while.
A : Yeah.
A : Well, you know, it's - it's various  things. So, one of them had a baby. Um,
A : you know, one of them really w- wasn't
C : Oh, that
A : Eh, one of them,   planned  January  and - and -
A : Um, so it makes sense.  Uh, through attrition we - we've - we're down to -
A : to two,  solid.  We're really lucky the two that we kept.
A : And, um - Well, I don't mean - I don't mean anything against the others. What I mean is we've got a good
A : cause - a good core.
G : Well, they won't hear
F : No backs.
A : leaner  ten  right now,
A : because if the I_B_M thing comes through really quickly,
A : uh, you know, lay people off  and stuff. So.
A : And this way it'll - I mean, I got really  lot  response  for - for my notice and I think I could
A : hire  wish to.
F : plan  actually
F : uh, than the generation,
F : in - in the day - e- event that that day actually  dawns,
F : eh, a- as we were talking, if we - if we hire twelve,  then
F : we could,  you know, run into a problem later. I mean, we also just couldn't sustain that forever. But - but, um -
F : you know, f- we have five  on staff - five or six on staff at any given time, then
A : Good.
F : Good.
G : we can - we might  need some help again getting the tighter boundaries or some hand -
G : Oh, the new  tighter  boundaries. Yeah.
A : The - the - the pre-segmentations are so much - are s- so extremely helpful.
A : it happened to be during the time that he was on vacation   very  few days you were away.
A : But it happened to be during that time I needed one, so I - so I started them on the
A : Um. So they really appreciate it. But I was gonna say that they do  adjust it once in a while. You know, once in a while there's something like,
A : um, and e- Actually you talked
A : you know, I mean, you're - You're aware  of this.
A : But - but actually  so  so  much of the time, that it's an enormous time saver and it just gets tweaked a little around the boundaries.
A : Um. Yeah. I think it'd be interesting to combine  these.
G : where they change? I mean, you can compare, do a diff on the - just so that we knew -
A : um, hhh, i- hhh, i-
E : I think one could do that.
A : There is a - there is one problem with that and that is when they start  merge  what they've done with the pre-segmented version. So it's not a pure -
A : it's not a pure condition. Wha- what you'd really  like is that
A : And, um - @@  - I, uh - the -
A : it wasn't  possible for about four of the recent ones.
A : But, it will  be possible in the future because we - we're, um.
A : @@
G : Mmm, that's great.
G : the original automatic one, we can always find out
G : how well we would do fr- from the recognition side by using those boundaries.
G : You know, a completely  non-cheating version. Also if you need someone to record this meeting, I mean, I'm happy to - for the transcribers -
A : Thank you.
F : O_K.
D : reorganization of the directory structure for all of the meeting -
D : For all the Meeting Recorder data. should
D : And so we've got a plan for what we're gonna do there.  And then, Jane also s- prepared a -
D : with start time, the date, the old
D : and then export it as H_T_M_L and put it on the Meeting Recorder web page so we can keep people updated about what's going on.
D : gaps here that I need to get her to fill in, but
D : so far, um,
D : And, um -
D : Um,
D : have been completed and so forth.
D : But, um,
D : put up on the - the web site and people can
D : different ones. And it'll also list, uh, like under the status, if it's at I_B_M or if it's at ICSI,
D : uh, or if it's completed or which ones we're excluding and - and there's a place for comments, so we can,
F : you know, we've already done some studies and so forth and -
A : being the channelized  version and it's -
A : Yeah, it seems like I get into that a certain way and then something else intervenes
A : it would make sense to wait until   done,
F : Um, we are
A : It'll certainly  be done by then. Yeah.
A : Yeah. That's right. So that -
F : So,
F : principle,  yes.  did  get into some legal issue with it then we-
A : Well, maybe -
C : version
C : Bu-
C : Yeah. But th- I mean, the editing will continue. Presumably if - if s- errors are found, they will be fixed,
D : Content,
A : other  subtleties  this  that  @@  could've been transcribed in the other way.
A : And no- and they wouldn't have been  slanderous if it had been this other word. You know?
F : I- it - you know, there- there is a point at which I agree it becomes ridiculous because, you know, you could do  this final thing and then a year from now somebody could say, you know, that should be a period and not a question mark. Right?
F : way  that we're gonna go back and ask everybody "do you approve this, uh, you know - this document now?" So -
F : the - the - the thing  sign  - I - I haven't looked at it in a while, but it has to be open enough that it sort of says
F : assuming
F : um, I think i- we just wanna have enough confidence ourselves
F : to the final form it's gonna be in,  a year from now that they're -
A : Mmm. I totally agree.
F : Uh.
A : uh, if - if the person is using the transcript  as the way of them judging
A : what they said and whether it was slanderous, then it seems like it's - it's - i-
A : a f- uh, a legal document  i- if they've agreed to that.
F : Well, I forget how we end-
F : Right. I forget how we ended up on this, but I remember my taking the position
F : observe everything and Adam was taking the position of - of having it be really straightforward for people to check every aspect of it including  the audio.
F : uh, the -
A : Well, if it's only the transcript, though - I mean, th- this - this is my point, that - that
F : That it was  the transcrip- He wanted to do a web interface that would make it -
A : Well.
F : that would give you access to the transcript and  the audio. That's what Adam wanted.
G : web  interface it's interesting, because you could
G : allow the person who signs  informed
G : or something like that.  no ". Like, I don't wanna know, but some people might be really
F : You decided you were whispering Satanic incantations under your breath when you were -
G : I don't know what happened to the small heads thing, but I j-
G : probably won't care about typos  meaning  changes and then
G : asked for their consent,  guess,  if  those change. Cuz assumi-
G : assuming we - we don't really distribute things that have any significant changes from what they sign anyway.
D : Talk.
G : But no one will listen  to the hours and hours of -
C : Well, that's O_ K.  chance  don't,  their  problem.
B : That's - hmm, hmm.
G : You - you d-
A : Unfortunately, uh, in - in the sign- thing that they signed, it says " transcripts ". "You'll be - you'll be provided the transcripts when they're available."
G : that's a lot to ask for people that have been in a lot of meetings.
F : W- anyway, haven't we - we've gone down this path a number of times. I know this can lead to extended conversations and - and not  get  anywhere, so let - let me just suggest that -
F : O_K. So - so that in  July we can tell people
F : "yes, we have this and you can use it".
G : Well.
F : Yeah.
G : eight meetings there because we couldn't use the non-native - all  non-native meetings and
G : well, probably  below
G : prosodic features are very noisy and so you - you need a lot of data in order to model them.
G : Um, so we're starting  some
G : I don't know, double or triple the data - with twenty  did
G : features that, I gue- Jane
G : distance  of,
G : um,
G : boundaries  peaks
G : some local,
G : range - pitch range effects, like how close people are to their floor, are
G : which are also being given some word  true  words.
G : Um, so these are based on forced alignment.
G : So, we're starting  to see, I think, some
F : dominant  features, including everything, were those - those quasi-cheating things. Right? Where these are -
B : Yeah. Sometimes positions in sentences obviously,
G : spurts is not cheating except that of course you know the real words, but roughly
B : Right. Would they give you the same number  of words, though?
C : Have you tried using just time,  as opposed to number of words?
B : I don't know if that was in the -
G : You know, uh-
B : Start.
C : I mean that wouldn't be cheating because you can detect pause pretty well within the time.
F : How about time position normalized by speak- Yeah. Yeah.
B : Yeah.
G : Yeah. That's actually why I didn't use it at first. But we - one  of the interesting things was
G : I guess you  reported on some te- punctuation type - finding sentence boundaries, finding
B : Yeah.
G : finding from the foreground  whether  interrupt,  so where -
G : you know, if I'm talking now  place  word-based.
G : there  the prosodic features
G : actually  up
G : a neat  available.
G : And a neat  too
G : putting the speaker  - So, I gave everybody
G : a short version of their name.  couldn't  use.
G : And those  don't show up. So that means that overall,
G : um, it wasn't just  just  person,
F : Mm-hmm.
G : uh, get a general  idea - the model - the tree classifier was trying to
G : find general  even  speaker  effects. So.
G : ten words  twenty  words, we need more -
G : It'd also be interesting to look at the E_D_U meetings because we did  type
G : Meeting Recorder meeting or a Robustness  did
G : to interrupts  interrupts  in the Robustness meetings.
G : And so the classifier learns more about Morgan than it does about sort of the average person, which is
F : Mm-hmm.
G : not bad.  It'd probably do better than -
G : Well, we have a long list of things he's starting to look at now over the summer,  where we can -
G : And he'll be able to report on more things in the future. But it was great that we could at least go from the -
G : you know, Jane's transcripts  and the,
G : uh, recognizer  output and
G : get it point.  And I think it's something
G : Mari can probably use in her preliminary  report - like, "yeah, we're
G : at the point where we're training these classifiers and we're just
G : work. "
G : The other thing that was interesting to me is that the pitch  better
G : processing that was done  has much cleaner
G : behavior  Switchboard  telephone  bandwidth.
C : Better in what sense?
G : Well, first  of all, the pitch tracks are m- have less,
G : halvings and doublings than - than Switchboard and there's a lot  so if you
G : regions where you would normally expect some  occurring
G : are completely devoid of pitch  information, in other words the pitch tracker just didn't get a high enough probability of voicing for
G : you know, five word- fewer  than in Switchboard. So the missing -
G : We had a big missing data problem in Switchboard
G : and, so the features weren't as reliable cuz they were often just not available. So that's  actually good.
D : frequency  Switchboard?
G : Ma- maybe. I mean, the tele- we had telephone  bandwidth for Switchboard
G : and  we had the
G : problem that I think may also  affect it.
G : Which is nice.
E : Y-
F : insertion penalty sort of things with the - with the, uh -
C : Oh, yeah. I tried that. It didn't,
D : Were they out of balance? I didn't - I didn't notice.
C : The -
C : I think there were a higher  deletions,  actually.
C : preferred to have a positive  -
C : er, negative  insertion penalty, which means
F : Uh- huh.
C : that, um - But, you know, it didn't change
C : th- the - by adjusting  that -
C : the, um -
C : That's not the problem. No.
C : But, uh, we s- just, um,
C : you know, Chuck and I talked and the @@  next thing to do is probably to tune the -
C : um, the size of the Gaussian  system,
C : um, @@  all.
C : configuration as we used for the -
C : for the standard system.
C : Dan - @@
C : C_M_U used, um,
C : something like ten  Gaussians per cluster -
C : @@
C : You know, each - each mixture has ten Gaussians
D : Mm-hmm. Hmm. We're using sixty- four,  right?
C : and - and we're using sixty-four, so that's
C : you know, Gaussians  that way,
C : we have -
C : The turn-around time on the training  when we train only the -
C : um, settings. And, uh, with the new machines it'll be even better.  So.
F : Yeah. We get twelve of those,
C : As I said before, the - uh  using Dan's, uh, uh, vocal tract normalization option works very well.
C : @@
C : did the vocal tract le- normalization only  test  data,
C : so I didn't bother to retrain
C : @@  and
C : uh, with the standard system.
C : for retraining everything  that  further.
C : So, it looks  well  now with - after having figured out all these little tricks to - to get it to work.
G : a system that doesn't have any V_T_ L  in it already?
G : O_K.
F : O_K . So then - then we'll have our baseline to -
F : to compare the currently hideous, uh, uh, new
C : Right. And - and what that  also  is of course that the current
C : Switchboard  features.
F : Right. But all  percent.
C : them   up  difference  now.
F : Add one  eight.
C : Yeah. And now we have another  L.
C : @@  um,
C : What's actually qu- interesting  is that with -
C : um, well, you m- prob- maybe another half  training,
C : and then interestingly,  if you optimize
C : you get more of a win out of rescoring
C : the, um,
C : uh, the N_ best
C : uh, and optimizing the weights,
C : um, uh  than - Yeah.
D : Than you do with the standard?
C : So -
F : Yeah. But the part  adjustment  end  V_T_L_N in   percent.
F : Right? It was - it was - there was -
F : let me see if I remember what they were. One
F : because it did it all at once, to - uh, from bark scale to mel scale,
F : which I really  quotes,  because
F : @@  they're essentially the same scale but the - but - but - but
F : any i- individual particular  implementation  place.
F : So that's why I wanted to look - I still haven't looked  exactly  where  were
F : it's probably  something like there's one fewer or one more filter in the sub
F : one kilohertz band and for whatever reason with this particular experiment it was better  other.
F : Um, it could
D : Well, that  triangular.  Right?
F : them   eight  percent which was something else. Do you remember the - ?
D : The low-frequency cut-off.
F : that  that  first  until   fixed  it,
F : never
F : We had some problems before with offsets.  This inf- this went back to, uh,
F : I think Wall Street Journal.
F : ea- everybody else who was doing Wall Street Journal knew  mention  it to us, and we were getting these,
F : like, really
F : And then in casual conversation someone ment- mentioned "uh, well, I guess, you know, of course you're taking care of the offsets.  what  offsets?"
F : that  looked  screen
F : there's this big D_C offset.
G : There was a - like a hum  recorded
F : No. It's just, it - it's - it's not at all uncommon for - for recorded electronics to have different, um, D_C offsets.
F : It's - it's, you know, no big deal.  whatever,  in  there.
F : The thing  most  emphasis  at  frequency,
F : so that it's irrelevant.
F : Uh, but with P_L_ P,
F : we didn't actually have  that. We had - we had
F : the equivalent  of pre-emphasis in a - a, uh,
F : Fletcher-Munson style weighting that occurs in the middle of P_L_ P,
F : but it doesn't actually have a zero  emphasis  does.
F : We had something more fancy.  have
F : So at that  filter " just, you know -
F : just take care  of the problem. So I put in a high-pass filter
F : uh, for a sixteen kilohertz sampling  rate.
F : And I never  put anything in
F : to adjust  different   sampling
F : And so - well, so, you know, the code doesn't know anything about that and so this is all at eight kilohertz and so it was at forty- five  hertz instead of at -
F : instead of at ninety. So, um,
C : Well, he made it a parameter.
F : He made  parameter.  guess  did  sampling  rate, which is great.
F : He had a -
C : It's called, uh,
F : Yeah. Does   H_P_F on - on his feat- feature.
C : u- And - but H_P_F, you know, when you put a number  after it, uses that as the
C : hertz value of the cut-off.  So.
F : frankly,  never  RASTA  either,  so the RASTA filter is actually doing a different thing
F : in the modulation spectral domain depending on what sampling rate you're doing, which is another old - old bug of mine.
F : Um. So that - that  there  intended  to cut off below a hundred hertz and it just
F : wasn't doing it, so now  is.
F : that hep- that helped us by, like, eight tenths of a percent. It still wasn't a big deal.
C : O_K.
C : Well, uh, again, after completing the current experiments, we'll -
F : Oh, yeah. But -
C : uh
C : differences and - and - an-
F : hybrid  system thing that we did
F : primitive in many  ways.
F : And I think I agree  with you that if we
F : fixed lots  they would all add  system.
F : But that's sort of more both,  kind of. Right? But.
D : One experiment we should -
D : without all these things in it, for the tandem  system,
C : Well, that's  meant,  in fact. Yeah.
D : yeah, yeah,
D : for the tandem.  tandem
C : So - so, the thing is - is
F : Mm-hmm.
C : eh  At this point I'm as- I mean, you know -
C : Can we expect, uh, a tandem system to do better  than a properly trained - you know, a Gaussian
C : system trained directly on the features with, you know, the right ch- choice of parameters?
F : Well, that's  areas.  Yes.
D : So, we - But - but we may not. I mean, if it doesn't  well,  why.  Right? Cuz we need to do
D : the exact experiment.
F : I mean, the reason  should  is because
F : Um.
F : Now the thing is, in some databases I wouldn't expect it to necessarily give you much  part  of what I view as the real power of it is that
F : it gives you a transformational capability
F : for taking all sorts  standard  other  streams
F : and allows you to feed them   to the other system with this - through this funnel.
F : Um, so I think - I think that's the real  huge  improvements.
F : it should at least  be
F : roughly the same  better.  If it's, you know, like way way worse then, you know -
D : So, Morgan, an- another  @@  first  experiment that he did
F : Mm-hmm.
F : Mm-hmm.
D : But one thing we could  do is -
F : outputs,   these are the pre-
F : final nonlinearity outputs and they're - and -
D : Yeah. Through the regular tandem outputs.
F : And so - so then you u- Do you use all fifty-six of the K_L_T or - ?
D : That's what we did. Right?
D : So one  wondering  is, if we did
D : principal components and, say, took out just thirteen,  that  - so we treated the th-
D : first thirteen as though they were
F : He  did some things like that.
F : I mean these were all different databases and different - you know, in H_T_K and all that, so i- it - it may  apply.  But
F : my recollection of it was that it didn't make it better but it didn't make it worse.
F : But, again, given all these differences, maybe it's more important in your case that you not  take a lot of these low-variance, uh, components.
D : Cuz in a sense,  net's  got  context  in
D : those features,  those,
D : sort of even more.
C : procedure
C : tandem features - uh, either generating
C : S_R_I system, but
F : There might  be, cuz that's a pretty big difference.
C : it's -
F : But
C : feeding the features into the system and training it up, that - that -
C : this - that's essentially the same as we use with the ce- with the P_L_ P  fe- features.
C : And that's obviously working great.  So.
C : I- um.
C : the - another  freedom  T  transform?
F : That's -
F : well, and another  net.
F : These nets are trained with particular normalization and  when that gets screwed up it - it can really hurt it.
D : E- Eric coached me through then - that part of it, so I'm pretty confident in that.  I mean, the only
D : slight  difference is that I use normalization values that,
D : from the original  P_L_P, which is right. N- Yeah.
D : Oh, we actually don't do  do  we?
D : S_R_ I  system does that. Right.
F : Right.
F : Well, you might e- e-
F : Yeah. I -
F : I would actually double check with Stephane  at this point,
F : I mean, he and Dan are the ones who are at this point most  experienced with the tandem
D : Yeah. It's hard  should  look like. I mean, you can't just, like,
F : Not unless you had a lot
G : eh, and also they're not - I mean, as I understand it, you - you don't have a way to optimize the features for the final word  error. Right?
C : They're optimized for phone  discrimination, not for -
G : Right. So it - there's always this question of whether you might  train  it
G : for the word  error metric that you're actually -
C : Mm- Mmm.
F : Well, you actually are.
F : So wha- w- what - an- and you may not  be in this case, come to think of it, because,
F : uh, you're just taking something that's trained up elsewhere.  So,
F : what - what you - what you do  full  procedure
F : of the training data that comes from your full system. And so that's where the feedback comes all around, so that it is  actually
F : discriminant.
F : you actually do  improve  that
F : for a hybrid
C : Do y-
G : So that you can optimize it for the word  Yeah.
F : Yeah. Another  not  recognition  transformation,  probably  bigger  than it needs to be.
F : other  Stephane  Stephane's,  neat  one,
F : uh, and might particularly apply here, given all these things we're mentioning.
F : Even the local ones, given, you know, these potential outer loops which, you know, you can convince  yourself
F : however,
F : there's times when it is not good.
F : Uh, when something about the test set is different enough from the training set that - that, uh, the discrimination that you're learning is - is - is not a good one.
F : So, uh, his
C : Oh, we  already talked about that.
G : Didn't you - did you do
C : No, but we - we - when - when we - when I first started corresponding with Dan  about  this,
C : I think that was one of the things that we definitely went there .
F : Yeah. I mean, I'm sure that Stephane wasn't the first to think  did
F : and - and it helped a lot.  Yeah.
C : Oh.  O_K.
F : uh, in the Aurora  thing. Yeah.
C : And do you do a K_L_T transform on the con- on the combined  feature vector?
G : As - you should never do worse.
C : Do you - d- you do a K_L_T transform on the combined  feature vector?
F : Well, actually, I, uh - you should check with him, because he tried several different combinations.
C : feature
F : what I don't remember is which came out best.
F : and another  one, since the - the P_L_P things are already orthogonalized,
F : and - and just did a K_L_T on the - on the - on the net
D : So he always ended up with a feature vector that was twice as long as either one of the - ?
F : You have to check with him.
D : Yeah.
F : I'm into big
C : Uh.
F : @@  mention  snacks.  Yeah.
G : Right.
F : Uh-
G : Did people wanna do the digits or, um, do them   I don't know.
F : I - I g- I think, given that we're in a hurry  them   together.
G : I mean, are we trying to do them
G : in synchrony?
G : Adam's
F : it's -
F : You know, it's not  out  but we could - we could just, uh,
F : Uh, O_  zeroes,  agree  on that?
F : @@
F : Oh, but if we were a singing  decide.  Right?
G : Be harmony. Yeah. Yeah.
A : Mine's identical to yours. Is that correct?
F : We might wa-
G : Sorry. So I set up and we didn't have one  seven times.
A : Oh.  I  see.
F : these
A : Oh.  I  see.
F : Why don't we do zer-  i- Anyone have a problem with saying zero?
F : Is  zero  O_K?
F : One  two  three.
A : seven eight seven
F : seven eight seven
D : seven eight seven
B : seven eight seven
G : seven
F : one five two
G : one five two
D : one five two
B : one five two
A : one five two
G : z-
B : zero three zero two
F : zero three zero two
D : zero three zero two
A : O_ three zero two
D : eight one two zero
F : eight one two zero
B : eight one two zero
A : eight one two zero
A : two two six one
F : two two six one
D : two two six one
B : two two six one
G : two two six one
A : four six zero three
B : four six zero three
F : four six zero three
D : four six zero three
G : four six zero three
D : zero seven eight
A : zero seven eight
G : zero seven eight
F : zero seven eight
B : zero seven eight
A : two six six
F : two six six
D : two six six
B : two six six
G : two six six
A : two two three
F : two two three
G : two two three
B : two two three
D : two two three
A : four nine eight seven
G : four nine eight seven
B : four nine eight seven
D : four nine eight seven
F : four nine eight seven
A : zero seven five two
F : zero seven five two
G : zero seven five two
D : zero seven five two
B : zero seven five two
G : nine one zero nine
A : nine one zero nine
F : nine one zero nine
D : nine one zero nine
B : nine one zero nine
A : one
B : one
G : one
D : one
F : one
A : eight zero six
G : eight zero six
D : eight zero six
F : eight zero six
B : eight zero six
F : zero five
A : zero five
G : zero five
B : zero five
D : zero five
G : one five six
F : one five six
A : one five six
D : one five six
B : one five six
D : two
A : two
G : two
B : two
F : two
F : eight
B : eight
D : eight
A : eight
G : eight
F : four three six
A : four three six
D : four three six
G : four three six
B : four three six
F : five seven
A : five seven
D : five seven
G : five seven
B : five seven
F : nine five one
A : nine five one
G : nine five one
D : nine five one
B : nine five one
D : eight
F : eight
A : eight
G : eight
B : eight
F : eight four nine
G : eight four nine
D : eight four nine
B : eight four nine
A : eight four nine
D : five three
F : five three
G : five three
A : five three
B : five three
A : two five three eight
F : two five three eight
D : two five three eight
G : two five three eight
B : two five three eight
G : one two zero zero
F : one two zero zero
B : one two zero zero
A : one two zero zero
D : one two zero zero
F : one seven three three
B : one seven three three
A : one seven three three
G : one seven three three
D : one seven three three
D : eight six zero zero
G : eight six zero zero
F : eight six zero zero
B : eight six zero zero
A : eight six zero zero
F : Once more with feeling.  kidding.
F : Oh, yeah.  was.
G : Light  kind of music.
B : We should start a cult.
F : It sounded  Really.  It sounded very lethargic.
D : I needed protein. protein  them.
B : It was the lack of prosodic, uh - Now we will eat snacks.
G : Exactly.  lowers  pitch
D : Ask everybody con- to contribute to the third worl-
