C : @@  Jeremy's  wearing?
F : It's the ear-plug  mike.
A : Ear-plug.
C : Is that a wireless,
A : Is that - Does that mean you can't hear anything during the meeting?
F : Huh? What? Huh?
F : Well, I shouldn't  signal  level is O_K. I don't know if it's a -
B : Well, that's a
F : Ugh!
F : two.  So.
B : the division?
B : So which week are we in?
F : We haven't really  started,  but I thought
F : we more - we more or less did Meeting  last
B : I thought we had a thing about speech recognition last week too.
F : But I figure also if they're short  also  little  bit of each. So.
F : I seem to be having difficulty  adjusted.  Here we go.
B : O_K.
F : So, uh, as most of you should  did  send out the consent form thingies and, uh,
F : Ach!
B : Yeah. @@
B : So, w- what follows? At some point y- you go around and get people to sign  something?
F : We had spoken w- about this before and we had decided that they have - they only  once.
F : And the agreement that they already  signed simply said that we would give them an opportunity.
B : And how long of an opportunity did you tell them?
B : July  fifteenth.
F : Yep.
B : Given that it's that long, um,
B : Why  was that date chosen? You just felt you wanted to - ?
F : Jane told me July fifteenth.  So, that's what I set it.
B : Oh,  O_K.
A : that was you  data.
A : @@
F : something specific.  You - y- you had -
B : No, the only - th- the only
B : this meeting  starts.
A : That's  That's  why.
B : Oh, I  see.
A : You said you wanted it to be available then.  remind  prior  to that
B : Right.
A : in case, uh - you know, "by the way this is your last -"
B : Right.
B : probably  should have talked about it, cuz i- because if we wanna be able to
B : give  this  some  time
B : to respond  to that. Right?
F : Yeah. As I said, we -
F : I just got one date and that's the one I used. So. But I can send a follow-up. I mean, it's almost  us.
H : Damn!
B : Yeah.
A : That's right.
F : I - we don't - My understanding of what we agreed  months  ago was that,
C : That makes it easy.
F : uh, we don't actually  reply.
F : We just need to tell  want.
A : And he's got  see  when you look at the page is "O_K".
A : So that's very clear all the way down the page, "O_K". And they have two options they can change it to. One of them is "censor", and the other one is "incorrect".
A : Is it - is - your word is "incorrect"? Which means also we get feedback  um, there's something that they w-
A : that needs to be adjusted,  transcription,  I  can  wrong.  So.
F : Yeah. The reason I did that it was just so that people would not censor - not ask to have stuff removed because it was transcribed  incorrectly,
A : I  liked it was because -
A : was because it, um - it gives them the option  correct  it.
A : Approve it and  correct it.
A : And um.
A : So, you have it nicely set up so they email you and, uh -
F : When they submit the form, it gets processed and emailed to me.
A : Mm-hmm. And I wanted to say the meetings that are involved in that set are Robustness and Meeting Recorder.
A : The German ones will be ready for next week.
C : The German  ones?
A : Uh, well.
E : Spanish. Yeah.
F : Mm-hmm.
H : Those are  -
B : German, Dutch, Swiss and Spanish.
C : Oh, oh! O_K .
E : The all  non-native -
F : Mm-hmm.
H : Uh-huh.
A : Yeah. It's the other group.
A : Yeah, exactly.  Yeah.
A : I didn't mean to isolate them.
B : Otherwise known as the German, Dutch, and Spanish.
A : Yeah. Sorry. It was - it was not the best characterization. But what -
A : what I meant to say was that it's the other group that's not -
A : n- no m- no overlap with our present members.
A : And then maybe it'd be good to set an explicit deadline, something like before that, uh, J- July fifteenth date, or two weeks before.
B : I mean, I would suggest we discuss - I mean, if we're going to have a policy  on it, that we discuss the length of time that we want to give people,
F : released  give  any other deadline.
F : found  something",
F : we'll delete it from our record.  released.
A : Yeah.
F : If someone says "hey, look, I it's libelous and I want it removed".
F : What can we do? We have  to remove it.
A : That's true. I - I agree with that part, but I think that it would - it, uh - we need to have, uh, a - a - a message to them very clearly that
A : beyond this date, you can't make additional changes.
B : I mean, um,
B : i-
B : I think that somebody might  say  start
A : Mm-hmm. Good.
B : say  um,
B : signed,
B : these, uh - I would - I would imagine some sort of generic
B : to other researchers,  this  am- you know, within this amount of time", whatever time we agree upon.
H : @@
F : Well, did you read the email and look at the pages I sent?
F : No. O_K, well why don't you do  that and then make comments on what you want me to change?
B : anything.  I- I'm - what I'm - what I'm -
B : have  so that - that you can -
B : decide  what  decide.
A : Mm-hmm.
A : Mm-hmm.
B : I'm just saying you should decide  something, and then -
F : I already did  email.  disagree  read  comments  on it?
A : Well -
A : @@
B : Well, the one  did  repeated  fifteenth.
B : And you also  reason  said
B : So what I'm telling you time  enough
B : and you should use that  date  got  from somewhere. That's all I'm saying.
A : month.  Right?
B : It - well, it - well, you're right. Sometimes somebody will be any  length of time that you
B : uh, choose end up reading it.
H : S- so maybe when - Am I on, by the way?
F : I don't know.
F : You should  be.
H : @@
H : w- you know, when the whole thing starts,  when they sign the -
H : you know, how - how they will be contacted
H : and they can, you know - they can be asked to give a phone number and an email address, or both.
H : And, um, then -
A : did  believe.
H : Right. So.
H : you know, as Morgan suggested, by a certain time or after a certain
H : period after we contact
H : that is implicitly giving their agreement.
F : Well, they've already  signed a form.
H : @@  Right.
A : And the form says -
H : Says  that.
A : days  weeks  -"
H : So what does it say about the - the - the process  of - of, uh -
A : It doesn't have a time  limit.
A : That you'll be provided access to the transcripts and then, uh, allowed to remove things that you'd like to remove,
A : before it goes to the general - uh, larger  audience.
F : Here. You can read what you already signed.
E : I guess when I read it, um -
H : O_K .
E : "I got this and I will  date,
E : and if you don't hear  your  once,
E : right away, saying "as soon as you get this could you please
F : do  person  if I can avoid it.
E : Well, it's -
F : So what I wanted  to do was just send it out and say
F : "on the fifteenth, the data is released, if you wanna do something about it, do  something about it, but that's it".
A : like  this. Yeah.
E : O_K. So, we're assuming  that -
H : Well, that's - that would be great if -
H : but you should probably have a look  do
H : and you - then there's a dispute
H : you know, someone who understands  have,
H : exercise their - their right -
E : Or they - they might never have gotten the email,  email.
E : And so someone whose machine is down or whatever - I mean,
E : we have no - in- internally  we know that people are there, but we have no confirmation that they got the mail.
F : Well, O_K. l- Let me - Let me reverse  this.
F : So let's say someone - I send this out, and someone doesn't respond.
F : Do we delete every meeting that they were in?
F : think  so.
F : will  happen.
H : That will  happen.
E : Right.
F : That will  absolutely  happen.
H : Maybe - uh, do we have mailing addresses   for these people?
F : No. We have what  they put on the speaker form, which was just generic contact information.
A : Most -
A : all  local,  totally  in contact with all the ones in those two groups.
H : Well, then -
A : So maybe, uh, I - you know, that's not that many people and if I - if, uh -
A : i- i- there is  is  an advantage to having them be on record as having received the mail and indicating -
F : Yeah. I mean I thought  discussed  year  yet  again.
A : Well, I - you know. But sometimes -
F : So.
B : Well, we - we haven't experienced  it before. Right? So -
E : You'll either wonder at the beginning or you'll wonder at the end.
E : I- It's pretty much the same am- amount of work except for an additional email just saying they got  the email. And maybe it's better legally to
A : Yeah.
E : wonder before  - you know, a little bit earlier than -
F : Well -
A : It's much easier to explain  this way. T- t- to have it on record.
F : O_K. Well, why don't you talk t- Morgan, can you talk to our lawyer about it,
F : and find out what the status is on this? Cuz I don't wanna do something that we don't need  to. Because
A : Yeah, but w- Mmm.
F : what - I'm telling  you, people won't respond to the email.
F : No matter what you do, you- there're gonna be people who lot  effort  to get in contact with.
F : spend  that effort?
D : It's kind of like signing up for a mailing  works  probably, I mean.
A : in the clear
B : If this is a purely administrative task, we can actually have administration  do it.
B : from my previous  much is that we would want something
B : on record aware  of this.
F : Well, we had talked  before  and I thought that we had
F : even gone by the lawyers  asking  about that and they said
F : you have to s- they've already signed  form  signed  once.
A : the time period allowed for response was ever covered.
F : Yeah.
B : @@
E : from  you.
B : We certainly  manner
H : We do it like with these -
H : uh, you know, like dead-beat dads, they - they - they make it look like they won something in the lottery
H : Right? Because - and then the - the - the - the thing is served.
E : That's why you never open these things that come in the mail.
F : Well, it's just, we've gone from one extreme to the other, where
F : at one point, a few months ago, Morgan was - you were saying let's not do anything,  and now we're -
H : i- i-
F : we're saying we have to follow up each person and get a signature?
H : Right.
B : Well
H : assume their consent if they don't reply. lawyer,  I wouldn't
H : just wanna do
A : And how many people? Al- altogether we've got twenty people. These people are people who read their email almost all the time.
B : Let me look at this again.
A : I - I really don't see that it's a problem. I - I think that it's a common courtesy to ask them -
A : uh, to expect  have
A : @@  us try to contact them, u- just in case they hadn't gotten their email. I think they'd appreciate it.
B : the nature of what was - of the presentation,
B : of - of how  my - my - the things that we're questioning were along the lines of how easy -
B : how much implication would there be that it's likely
B : But, um, the attorneys,  guarantee  always  come back with - and we have to decide how
B : stringent  be  always
B : that, um, you need to - you want to have someth- some paper trail or - which includes electronic trail -
B : that they have, uh, in fact K'd  it.
B : So, um,
B : I think that if you f- i- if we send the email as you have and if there's
B : half  all  by, you know, some period of time,
B : we can just make a list  of these people and hand it to, uh -
B : you know, just give it to me and I'll hand it to administrative staff or whatever, and they'll just call them up and say, you know, "have you -
B : Is - is this O_K? And would you please mail - you know, mail Adam that it is,  if i- if it, you know, is or not."
E : at least for most  do  ignore  it.
E : And of course we don't want  bleep  out,  but it -
E : their, uh, final response, once they've answered you once  all.
E : That's how these mailing houses work. So, I mean, it's not completely  responses.
A : Mm-hmm.
E : You know, an official O_K from somebody is better than no answer, even if they responded that they got your email.
A : appreciate  it. I think it's a good - a good way of - of
A : Well, our participants.
B : I think the main thing is - I mean, what lawyers do is they always look at worst cases. So they s- so - so - Tha- that's what they're paid to do.
F : Sending lots of spam.
B : And so, is  something  and they wouldn't actually
B : hear  in
B : what it says  in there, in fact, is that they will be given an opportunity to blah-blah-blah,
A : Mm-hmm.
B : but if in fact - if we sent  thought  actually  receive
B : um, then we haven't  given them that.
F : Well, so how  far  do we have to go? Do we need to get someone's signature?
F : Or, is email enough? Do we have to have it notarized?
C : Do you track, um,
F : form,  I get it.
F : Right? Cuz if someone just visits the web site that doesn't imply anything in particular.
B : hopefully,  um, this shouldn't be quite as odious
B : a problem either  any
B : uh, we're talking a pretty small number of people.
F : W-
F : For this  we basically know everyone on it.
F : You know, they're all more or less here or it's - it's Eric and Dan and so on.
F : But for some of the others, you're talking about visitors who are gone from ICSI,
A : Oh.
F : So what are we gonna do  when we run into someone that we can't get in touch with?
A : I don't think, uh - They're so recent, these visitors. I - and - and I - they're also so -
B : Mm-hmm.
A : They're prominent enough that they're easy to find through - I - I mean, I - I w- I'll be able to - if you have any  trouble finding them, I really think I could find them.
B : really  does
B : Um, and I think, you know, if you go into a room and close the door and - and ask their permission
F : question  is just whether - how active it has to be.
F : I mean, because they - they filled out a contact information and that's where I'm sending the information.
B : unusual  that - that they, uh -
F : Yeah.
F : So my original impression  sufficient,  accurate
F : that we fulfilled our burden.
E : Same as us.
B : will  call the attorney about it. But, you know, hopefully we won't need to.
A : I just -
A : I d- I just don't think we will.
F : So far, two  people have. So.
B : Yeah. I think very few people will and - and - and, you know, people - people see long emails about things that they don't think
B : is gonna be high priority, they typically, uh, don't - don't read it, or half read it.
A : And actually, um, I - I -
A : didn't anticipate this so I - that's why I didn't give this comment, and it - I - this discussion has made me think it might be nice
B : Uh, or e- well, maybe even additionally,  uh, um,
F : Respond to the email. Yep.
B : tell us that ". Yeah.
A : Mm-hmm. It is  the first time through the cycle.
E : if you were gonna p- if you're predicting  answer,  chance  say  that.
E : Whereas, I - I mean, I would be much more likely myself,
E : given all my email, t- to respond at that point,  saying "you know what, I'm probably not gonna get to it" or whatever,
E : rather than just having seen  might  get to it, and never really,
E : uh, pushing  do  it until it's too late.
C : I was thinking that it also know  have  page  accept  this.
C : they can see  from that email that if they just write back and say "I got it, no changes",
B : I mean, the other thing I've learned from dealing with - dealing with people sending in reviews and so forth, uh, is, um,
B : two and seven eighths months from now. If you say "you've got three weeks  weeks  they do the review.
B : if we make it little  less time, I don't think it'll be that much -
F : fifteenth,  them   first,
F : if we have any prayer  of actually getting everyone to respond in time.
B : uh, I mean, I hope this doesn't happen,
B : what if there are
F : Ugh! thought  about that.
A : By the way, has - has Jeremy signed the form?
H : Oh.
C : Just that channel.  Oh, no. We have to do -
D : Can't you just do that channel?
F : No, of course  all  the channels.
E : Yeah. You have to do all  of them,
E : as well  these.
C : Do you have to do the other close-talking?
F : Yes. Absolutely. There's a lot  of cross-talk.
E : You have to do all - You could  time  period, though, but I guess it's a pain.
A : Well -
F : Well, but you have to copy the whole file. Right? Because we're gonna be releasing the whole file.
A : Well - that  master  copy.
F : hate  deleting any data.
F : So I - I don't want - I really  would rather make a copy of it, rather than
B : Are you del- are you bleeping it by adding?
F : Overlapping.  So,
F : it's - it's exactly  a censor bleep.
F : So what I really  and then I want to -
B : I- I understand, but is - is it summing  in?
F : nothing  left of the original signal.
B : Oh. Cuz if you were summing,  you could -
B : No. But anyway -
E : Then someday we can sell the
C : Or
B : Encrypt  it.
D : You can hide  it. Yeah.
F : Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yep, that's true.
E : See, this is good. I wanted to create some side conversations in these meetings. So -
B : encrypt
D : You can use spread spectrum. Hide it. Yeah, there you go.
B : you know, with a - with a two hundred bit -
H : I have an idea. You reverse the signal, so it - it lets people say what they said backwards.
D : Then you have, like, subliminal, uh, messages, like.
F : But,
H : Yeah.
F : It wouldn't work. The speech recognizer still works.
E : H_- good old H_M_M. No, it's backward-forward.
F : A  point.
F : peeved
B : done  it.
E : Uh.
E : If it makes -
F : did  default  nothing  release  it. Because,
F : you know, I have my stack  done,
F : that, you know, fifty or sixty long,  top  never  get  to.
B : Right.
F : So - so -
C : Move them   to the bottom.
B : respond   to easily to say, uh, "O_K, go ahead" or something. Yeah.
F : So, i- this is  gonna mean -
C : Just re-mail them
F : Yeah. That's actually definitely a good point. The m- email doesn't specify
A : Mm-hmm.
B : Yeah. It's converging.
H : says, you know, click on this button to confirm receipt of the - of the mail.
A : Oh, that's
F : You - you can -
F : A lot of mailers support return receipt. But it doesn't confirm that they've read
A : Could do  that.
H : Right.
H : No, no, no. This is different.  delivered  mailbox.  But - but, no. This was different.
H : mail,  there was a -
F : Oh, just a button.  Oh, yeah.
H : uh, th- there was a button  clicked  on it, it would send,
H : uh, you know, a actual acknowledgement to the sender  looked  at the mail.
F : Yeah. Unfor- Yeah, we could do that. But I hate
E : You might as well just respond
B : And -
B : And we actually need a third  looked  agree  one  of the possible actions. Right?
H : Right.
H : do
F : Well, I could put a U_R_L in there without any difficulty and even pretty simple MIME readers can do that. So.
A : But why shouldn't they just
H : don't.
A : I appreciate it.
F : Well, I - cuz I use a text  mail reader.
E : Don't you use V_I
E : for your mai- ?
H : Yeah.
B : Wow. That's - that's my guy. Alright.
F : You - you read email
H : Yeah.
A : I like V_I.
H : There's these logos that you can put at the bottom of your web page, like "powered by V_I".
D : Yeah.
F : You could put wed  bugs in the email.
D : I see.
E : Like, there were three  meetings this time, or so- or how many? Six?
E : But, no- of different people. So I guess if you're in both  these types of meetings, you'd have a lot. But -
E : How - I mean, it also  depends on how many -
F : every time a meeting has been checked and is ready.
F : So. Tha- that was my intention. It's just - yeah - that we just happened  bunch
F : I mean, maybe - Is that the way it's gonna be, you think, Jane?
A : I agree with you. this  one -
A : I - I had wanted to get the entire set of twelve hours ready.
A : Don't have it.
A : them,  them  done by Monday.
A : Uh, unfortunately the time is later and I don't know how that's gonna work out, but I thought it'd be good to have that  released as a clump, too, because then,
A : category,  distracting  to them, is what I was thinking, and it's all in one chu-
A : But after that,  then,  um, I could imagine sending them out periodically as they become available.
A : way.  I mean, it's a question of how distracting it is to the people who have to do the checking.
B : at all ?
C : Uh. Let's see. We - Yeah, right. So we got the transcript back from that one meeting. Everything seemed fine.
C : Adam put everything back together and there was - Well, there was one small problem but it was a simple thing to fix.
C : And then, um, we, uh - I sent him a pointer to three more.
C : And so he's working on those.
F : Yeah. Now we haven't actually had anyone go through  correct  missed  and all that sort of stuff. So at some point we need to do that.
C : Yeah.
C : Yeah. It's gonna have to go through our regular
F : one  lot  of backchannels. There are a fair number of "yeahs" and "uh-huhs" that - it's just - that aren't in there.
B : But I think - Yeah. Like you said, I mean, that's - that's gonna be our standard proc- that's what the transcribers are gonna be spending most of their time doing,  I would imagine, once - once we -
B : It's gonna -
A : One question about the backchannels. Do you suppose that was because they weren't caught by the pre-segmenter?
F : Yeah. They're - they're not  do  it.
A : O_K. So maybe when the detector for that  I w- I -
A : We sent them the transcripts that correspond to those six meetings
C : web so th- if they want to compare directly with his  can.
E : Wait. So you put the reference  files - ?
C : No, no. They d- they wanted the audio. Jane sent them the, uh, transcripts.
E : No, I mean of the transcripts.
F : four?
H : D- d- So, does Washi- does - does U_W wanna u- do this - wanna use this data for recognition  or for something else?
E : I think they're doing w- didn't they want to do language modeling on, you know, recognition-compatible transcripts or -  ?
H : Oh.
H : Oh.
A : This is to show you, uh, some of the things that turn up during the checking procedure.
A : @@
A : So, this is from one of the N_S_A meetings and, uh, i- if you're familiar with the diff format, the arrow to the left is what it was,  changed  to. So,
A : The last time, uh -" And the transcriber
A : But, uh,
A : @@
A : really, um, it was "we learned  too much", which makes more sense syntactically as well.
A : Then -
A : Oh, this - that's the convention for indicating uncertain. So the transcriber was right.
A : You know, she was uncertain  right  to be uncertain.
H : Oh. O_K.
A : And it's also a g- a good indication of the - of that. The next one. This was about, uh, Claudia and waivers.
A : Uh, O_K. Um, next one. Um.
A : bad  master
F : Web master.
A : And then you see another type of uncertainty which is, you know, they just didn't know  what to make out of that.
A : So instead of "split upon unknown", it's "split in principle".
A : No, no. These are - these are our  transcribers   checked  version.
F : No, these are ours.
A : My - my  checked version, after I go through it.
A : Um, then you get down here. Um.
A : language  next  one.
A : beyond  this is - So instead of saying "or",
A : especially those  also"   Those  sneak in.
A : Um, the next one -
F : That's cool.
H : Discourse markers. Yeah. Yeah.
A : Discourse markers? Sure. Sure, sure, sure. And it's - and it makes sense cuz it's, like, below this - it's a little subliminal there.
A : Um. O_K, the next one,
A : uh, term.  The problem with terminology. Description with th- the transcriber has "X_ as an advance".
A : O_K, then you got, um,
A : uh, instead of "from something-or-other cards", it's "for multicast".
A : And instead of " ANN  end
A : It's just totally  jargon.
A : Um, and the final
A : the transcriber had th- "in the core network exit  internet
A : And it - it comes through as "in the core network itself of the access  backbone  core  terminology.
A : And they're generally extremely  good,
A : but, you know in this - this area it really does pay  to, um - to double check and I'm hoping that when
A : the checked  versions are run through the recognizer that you'll see s- substantial improvements in performance cuz the - you know, there're a lot of these in there.
A : No, actually no.
H : Well, but -
A : And it's jar- it's jargon coupled with a foreign accent.
H : But we don't - I mean, our language model right now doesn't know about these words anyhow. So,
H : you know, un- until you actually @@  right.  You probably won't notice a difference.
H : But it's - I mean, it's definitely good that these are fixed. I mean, obviously.
A : Well, also from the standpoint of getting people's approval, cuz if someone sees a page full of
A : uh, um, barely decipherable w- you know, sentences, and then is asked to approve of it or not, it's, uh, uh -
F : Did I say that?
B : Yeah. That would be a shame if people said "well, I don't approve it because
F : is that I was afraid  wrong ", and I don't want them to do that.
A : headphones  gain
H : C-
A : And - and they very  much appro- they mu- much prefer the new ones, and actually I -
F : Yeah.
A : very  expensive  head- headsets but, um, they're just not as good as these, um,
F : Ugh!
H : Well, return the old ones.
H : You have spare headsets?
F : They're  just earphones. They're not headsets. They're not microphones.
H : No, no. I mean, just earphones?
H : I could use one on my workstation, just to t- because sometimes I have to listen to audio files and I don't have to b- go borrow  it from
A : We have actua- actually I have - W- Well, the thing is, that if we have four people come to work for a day, I was - I was hanging on to the others
B : get  it.
F : But if you need it, just get  on.
H : Right.
B : Yeah. If you need  it. Yeah.
H : Yeah.
B : They're - they're - they're - they're pretty inexpensive. Yeah.
A : Cambridge SoundWorks, just down the street.
E : You just b- go and b- Oh.
H : Anyway.
B : I realized something I should talk about. So what's the other thing on the agenda actually ?
F : Oh, I thought you meant the disk space. Yeah, we know
H : The disk space was short. Yeah. That's what I thought too.
E : great  ambiguity.
B : Yeah.
E : It's one of these - it's - it's social  and, uh, discourse level and -
D : Yeah.
B : Yeah, it's great.  Yeah, double - double -
E : Sorry. scratch-pad, I would have made an X_ there.
D : Thank you, thank you.
F : Uh, well, we'll give  you one then.
D : Um.
D : So, um, without thinking about it, when I offered up my hard  drive last week -
D : But, um, no.
D : that  had  on that eighteen gig hard drive. But,
E : to be safe.
H : Oh, so - so, you mean the d- the internal - the disks on the machines that we just got?
D : Whew.
D : Or we can move  them.
H : Or extra  disk?
C : These are gonna go onto Abbott.
F : On - Yeah.
E : Do - when - when is this planned for roughly?
C : They should be - I - I imagine next week or something.
F : desperate,  I have some space on my drive.
D : O_K.
F : But I - I vacillate between no space free and a few gig free. So.
C : It should be soon.  We - we should -
B : great  do
D : Yeah.
F : Yeah. It's eventually
E : Well, each meeting  gig  or something, so it's really -
B : get together and talk about, uh, where we are on things. Uh, there's this meeting coming up,
B : uh, and there's also  asking  quite  understand this.
B : She was re- she was referring to it as - I think this actually
B : Um, she's referring to it as the an- annual report for the fiscal year.  October,
B : so I don't quite understand w- w-
B : Uh, I think basically it- it's none of those. It's that the meeting is in July so they - so DARPA just said do an annual report. So.
B : So.
B : uh, you know, as much as I can without bothering people, just by looking at - at papers and status reports. I mean, the status reports you do are very helpful.
B : Uh, so I can grab stuff there. And if, uh - if I have some questions I'll -
F : When we remember to fill them   out.
B : Yeah. If
B : Uh, but, you know, I'm - I'm sure before it's all done, I'll end up bugging people for - for more clarification about stuff.
B : pretty much  We have these meetings and - and there's the status reports.
B : Um.
B : Yeah. So that wasn't a long one. Just to tell
B : hasn't,  uh - I'll be talking to her late
B : tomorrow afternoon, and if something hasn't been in a status report and you think it's important thing to mention on
B : this kind of thing, uh, uh, just pop me a one-liner and - and - and I'll - I'll have it in front of me for the phone conversation.
B : pecking away at the demos and all that, probably.
F : And Don is gonna be helping out with that. So.
D : We should probably talk off-line about when we're gonna talk off-line.
F : O_K.
F : O_K.
B : O_K. Yeah, I might want to get updated about it in about a week cuz, um, I'm actually gonna have a -
E : Yeah.
B : And  We  could.
E : It's up to you.  I don't -
B : hear about.
E : Wait. Why is everybody looking at me?
B : Cuz he  looked at you and says you're sketching.
H : Are we supposed to have done  something?
H : Oh.
F : And this week we were gonna try  status.
E : I wasn't here last week. Sorry.
H : Oh!
H : We did that last  week. Right?
E : Hhh.
F : No.
B : I thought  we did.
F : Did we? O_K.
F : O_K. So now - now  next  week we'll do automatic transcription status, plus anything that's real timely.
E : O_K.
B : O_K. Whew!
F : Whew!
B : That was -
F : Dodged that  bullet.
B : Yeah. Nicely done, Liz.
A : A woman of few words.
H : Uh, I mean, we - we really haven't  done anything.
H : Sorry.
A : Well, since last week.
H : I mean, the - the next thing on our agenda is to go back and look at the, um -
H : @@
H : see how well we're doing on automatic alignments of the background speech - or, of the foreground  So.
E : the new data that Don will start to process - the, um -
E : these segments that were all synchronous  and that caused a lot of problems because you have
E : And so that's sort of a
E : We did get our, um - I guess, good  workshop,  ISCA workshop, in, um,
E : very  Um,
E : but  we're hoping to have a paper for that as well, which should be an interesting -
E : The t- paper isn't due until August. The abstracts were already due. So it's that kind of workshop.
A : What's the name of the meeting?
E : Speech Recognition and Understanding, or something like that - some generic -
A : Good.
B : Y- you going to, uh, Eurospeech?
F : I don't have a paper  go,  could.
B : We'll  discuss it.
F : O_K. I guess that's "no".
E : @@
F : O_K. Well, that th- Hey, if that's what it takes, that's fine with me.
F : Transcript L_ one eight three
F : nine, five zero zero, one four, four nine five, one
F : four one, four seven, nine two, O_ six, eight eight
F : eight nine three, four O_ seven, O_ five three seven
F : three two six, five eight seven, nine nine seven
F : nine six, seven O_, three nine, four four, three three
F : two six seven, O_ five six, seven one two six
F : five O_ six, six four, seven one six one
F : two zero, two two, nine four, O_ one -
F : Correction. O_ five,
H : Can I go next? Because I have to leave, actually.
H : Um, transcript, uh, L_ one eight four
H : six eight six, six eight, two two six one
H : two one, three two, nine five, three O_, eight one
H : seven five one nine, seven eight one one, one four one zero
H : nine six, two seven, three seven, two seven, one nine
H : six four O_ two, O_ eight six O_, four four seven three
H : seven three three, four four, eight O_ seven five
H : two five four O_, four nine seven two, six five three seven
H : O_ three, seven three, six one, four two, six O_
D : Transcript L_ dash one eight five
D : eight zero four, one six, eight zero nine three
D : two seven one, three seven seven, seven four seven
D : one three seven four, nine, five zero nine
D : nine, seven six zero, one nine, seven nine seven, five
D : eight nine seven, nine nine, three zero zero nine
D : two seven four, seven two one, nine one four one
D : nine one seven one, six, two eight six
D : one, five eight three, one nine, three six four, four
G : Transcript - transcript L_ one eight seven
G : nine, three six nine, six zero, seven five zero, zero
G : eight nine five three, six nine nine seven, eight three nine zero
G : zero, seven eight four, two nine, zero five five, one
F : Hmm!
G : six eight seven nine, four, two four six
G : one zero four nine, seven, nine eight six
G : three one seven, four seven, eight seven three six
G : one eight, eight zero, seven six, four three, eight four
G : nine two seven one, six four four six, six one two eight
E : Transcript L_ one eight eight
E : two three O_, three eight three, three one seven
E : two eight six, five nine eight, O_ nine two
E : five two five, O_ six six, four five nine one
E : O_ O_ O_, four two one, seven three three six
E : nine one five, O_ three, three eight four six
E : seven eight, nine five, three four, five seven, three O_
E : five seven four, two three seven, four three five
E : five nine, two three, four six, O_ four, five three
C : Transcript L_ dash one eight zero
C : eight O_ seven, three nine, three eight three seven
C : one nine eight eight, four, nine nine six
C : one nine one six, zero two two nine, two two nine four
C : zero seven four three, six, seven two seven
C : seven four, seven three, two seven, seven nine, one four
C : seven six five, zero seven, one four four three
C : eight nine zero, eight five eight, two eight five
C : four one three, four two five, nine five seven two
B : Transcript L_ dash one eight one
B : one one, six one, two three, eight five, eight eight
B : six six two four, nine nine nine nine, seven two zero four
B : four, nine six three, five seven, two five zero, seven
B : six four, seven zero, six three, one one, zero seven
B : nine zero eight, eight eight zero, nine five nine
B : five three three, seven one one, four eight five four
B : six one nine zero, seven one eight zero, two four four two
B : two two three eight, six three three eight, eight one one four
A : Transcript L_ one eight two.
A : zero zero six six, three, three five two
A : four four two, one one six, three one five
A : nine three three, O_ five, seven two eight O_
A : six three two, O_ four eight, two zero two
A : seven two f- two O_ five. So- So - Sorry.
A : seven, two zero five, five four, four eight five, three
A : one, six six seven, seven four, five five six, three
A : six seven four, six one, eight one five nine
A : eight zero, two five, nine two, seven three, one six
F : Thank you.
B : So you get to be the one who has all the paper rustling. Right?
A : Yeah, exactly! I mean, with the distractions,  I was having trouble focusing. But.
