H : st-
H : Yeah.
F : So we're on.
H : That's better.
F : And, somewhere is my agenda.
F : the ARPA demo.
D : Yeah, I'll get it.
D : I'll get the door.
D : I think we want to start off with the agenda.
D : uh, Liz and Andreas are gonna be ten, fifteen minutes late,
D : I_B_M transcription.
F : if w- if  we wanna add the data to the mar- Meeting Recorder corpus.
F : So why don't we have that on the agenda and we'll - we'll get to it and talk about it?
D : Uh.
F : I think it was Andreas wanted to talk about segmentation and recognition,
F : and update on S_R_I recognition experiments.
F : And then if ti- if there's time  I wanted to talk about digits, but it looked like we were pretty full, so I can wait till next week.
D : Right.
F : At least, yeah , he'll t- he'll probably be interested.
D : Um
D : if we had to pick something  that we would talk on for
D : you think, reorganization status, or - ?
F : added out the agenda item. I don't really have anything to say  done  it.
B : That - that was basically it. Not - not much @@
F : if we wanna do  it,
F : just tell  him and he'll
A : Oh, excellent.
B : Oh, so maybe we should   just go ahead and get everything ready, and -
F : So, I think we do  need to talk a little bit about -
F : Well, we don't need to do it during this meeting. We have a little  more to discuss.
F : ts-
F : So.
F : And I've been sharing   them with U_d- U_W folks also.
D : O_K.
A : Sharing  them. O_K.
F : Sharing  them with the U_W folks.
A : O_K.
D : fill in Liz and Andreas later. Uh
E : And we have done that on the automatic
F : We just sent it to I_B_M. We - we sorta spot-checked  it.
B : I listened to probably,
E : Yeah.
D : O_K.
F : I think it'll work.
B : align  what they give us
F : I mean, so the problem wi- last time is that there were errors in the transcripts where they put  beeps where there weren't any,
B : because of how I
B : @@  cut  into two beeps.
B : hopefully they're  not hearing that, and if they are, it shouldn't throw them.
B : So.
F : do that, so.
A : Mm-hmm.
B : audio device
A : and they know that there's only one beep maximum
E : Yeah.
A : that goes with that number.
B : Right.
A : Well, you know, actually,
F : "Seven four eight beep  beep  eight three two".
A : O_K.
A : O_K.
F : Although we could
A : extracted later.
F : And then I wanted to talk  about -
F : but as I said I - we may not have time  -
F : what we should do  about digits. We have a whole pile of digits that haven't been transcribed.
B : I bresset   Brian  message  the meeting
A : Hmm.
B : he got it.
F : Alright.
B : @@
A : I - I hire - I've hired two  extra people already, expect to hire two more.
F : Hmm.
A : uh, a set of five  which I'm - which I'm calling set two,
A : and you indicated to me that we have a g- a goal  now,
A : the, uh, DARPA demo,
D : before  the demo we actually have the twenty hours, the more time it'll be for people to actually do
A : Mm-hmm.
D : O_K.
A : uh, really  are -
A : Yeah.
A : Again.
A : Mm-hmm.
D : I mean -
A : And, that sort of, um, is useful, and t- you know, and then once in a while they'll have to refer to the other channels to clear something up.
A : useful also to have the visual  representation of those segments?
A : I,
A : uh, uh, I've trained  the new one -
A : And that's just amazingly  helpful.
A : Because what happens then,  is you scan across the signal and once in a while you'll find a blip that didn't show up in the pre-segmentation.
A : I- it's ver-  - it's interesting.
E : Yep.
A : similar  to the ones that are being picked up.
A : And they're rare events, but you can really  very  quickly. You just - you just,
A : you scroll   from screen to screen, looking for blips.
D : Yeah.
A : I think that we're gonna end up with, uh better coverage of the backchannels,
A : there are huge  places where there is just absolutely
A : And, uh, the audio quality is so  good -
A : also you know, speed the efficiency of this
F : well, not a small  number -
F : a subset  of that has been transcribed. And so we need to decide
F : what we wanna do.
F : again, I don't think we'll be able to do with that alone,
F : how automated can we make the process  of finding where the people read the digits,
F : Well, we - we know  what they read, because we have the forms.
F : the point  get  a set of clean
B : You're talking about as a pre-processing  step. Right, Morgan?
D : I -
D : Uh.
D : um,
D : I was just asking,  just out of curiosity, if - if with, uh -
D : would we do better  - ?
D : it's much less common than one percent?
F : I guess - yeah, I guess if we segmented  it,
F : But,
F : You know, they're doing it anyway, and unless we tell them different,  they're gonna transcribe it.
F : And my  now  is, well, if I_B_M
F : comes back with this meeting and the transcript is good,
F : just let them
D : "beep seven three five two" - I mean,
F : The beeps are pre-recorded.
B : It'll only be a problem for m- for mine.
E : Yeah.
F : Yes.
F : "beep seven
F : beep
F : eight
F : and it'd be nice to actually do something with them.
D : we wanna have them.
F : Anything else?
D : So,
D : uh
D : You - you have to go a little   early, right?
D : At twenty -
I : Yeah.
D : Uh
F : Oops.
I : so,
I : you know, with Don's  work, and -
E : And how do we find the transcripts for those   so that - ?
E : The references for - for those segments?
E : It's not that -
I : You know, you basically just give two time-marked sequences of words,
I : the,
I : uh -
I : Um. So what we've been using so far was sort of a simplified version of the scoring.
G : Yeah. Maybe the start of your speech and the end of it, or stuff like that.
E : O_K.
I : Thilo wanted to use the recognizer alignments to train up his, um, speech detector.
I : And I think you're in the process   of doing that. So,
I : you can -
E : s-
E : should be a little bit better.
I : it's probably still better  to have all this extra data,
I : than - Yeah.
E : We'll see that.
D : O_K.
G : useful for us to know. So,
E : There were the false alarms.
G : do those actually go down or not? Because of  -
E : can, like, make a c- comparison of - of the old system to the - to the new one, and then - Yeah.
D : Um another   one that we had on
D : Adam's agenda that
F : Rob Porzel   Porzel?
F : Porzel   -
I : Porzel.
F : evaluating  that. And they wanted to use this equipment,
F : and so the w- question  corpus  or not?
F : And my  yes,  because there might be people
F : who are using this corpus for acoustics, as opposed to just for language.
F : Um, or also for dialogue  of various sorts.
F : a meeting.  Right? Because it's
D : Wait a minute. So,
F : At the beginning.
F : But of course they don't know that it's the same person both times.
D : You   might wanna try
A : Hmm.
A : That's
F : "I have to go now. You can talk to the computer."
F : "No!"
B : It's a lot more believable, too, if you tell them   that they're -
F : abort, retry, fail?
G : So did they actually save the far-field data? Cuz at first they weren't -
E : Yes.
E : projector
D : S-
E : We were not saying we are not  just  wanted to do -
I : No, the - the question  all  of them?
E : Yeah.
G : Nnn.
F : that if we have  acoustic  studies,
I : Hmm.
F : the same  for every recording.
I : It's to be traini- to b- training data and development data for the SmartKom system.
E : The English system?
D : acoustic   and language model
E : Yeah.
F : Right. So - so - so for their  usage, they don't need anything.
E : they - or, is - is that our
D : No that's  not a problem. I - L- look, it seems to me that if we're doing it anyway and we're doing it for these - these purposes that we have,
D : save it all as long as we've got disk space, and disk is pretty cheap. So should we save  it?
D : Nnn, well
A : Well this -
G : Just give it a
F : so part  of the reason that I wanted to bring this up is,
F : do we wanna handle  fold  it in,
A : Oh.
A : and this sounds like it's more of an experimental setup. It's got a different purpose.
D : Whereas everything that we talked about them doing at - at U_W and so forth really does.  They're actually talking -
F : O_K. So w- so what does that mean  for how we are gonna organize things?
A : Hmm.
D : You can - you can - Again, as - as I think Andreas was saying,
D : tools  and the same conventions, there's no problem with that. It's just that it's, you know, different directory, it's called something different, it's - you know.
D : It is different.
D : You can't just fold it in as if it's - I mean, digits  are different, too. Right?
F : interaction,  another  type of interaction.
F : Other.
G : Well - or, I dunno.
D : I mean, I don't care what directory tree you have it under. Right? I mean that's just a -
G : And -
G : um, store it there. I mean -
I : Yes.
F : is to have a single procedure so that I don't have to think  too much about things.
F : If we do it any other  way that means that we need a separate procedure,
F : and someone has to do  that.
B : and them   is, what about, uh,
B : O_K. So we  don't have to worry about transcribing it?
I : ICSI meeting transcription conventions.
D : Ah.
D : Um.
E : Yeah.
E : You can do that if you want.
D : Yeah.
B : I dunno if you want that.
A : Hmm.
D : Heidelberg
I : Exactly
D : Yeah, I be pretty good.
F : we might need to, uh,
F : once everything gets converted over to the disks we're supposed  to be using we'll be probably,
B : Those were non-backed-up.
E : Non-back-up.
F : @@
F : The non-backed-up, yeah, i-
B : I haven't looked to see how much of that we have.
F : Yeah. But that's - that's - that's risky.
D : Yeah. You really shouldn't be saying -
F : Mmm. Mmm. @@
I : I didn't say that. I didn't say that.
F : Yeah, that's right. Beep that out.
D : Da- we had allowed Dave to listen to these - these,
I : Right.
D : uh, recordings. Um  -
D : we can   do that.
I : I think -
I : I think there's an argument for having - you know, you could use our old file server for - for disks that have data that is very
F : My understanding is, the issue isn't really the file server. We could always  put more disks on. It's the back-up system.
B : I think - I think the file server could  become an issue as
F : Well, we're alright for now because the network's so slow.
I : Or from being read   read?
F : Read and write don't hurt them   them.
F : So you don't wa- you don't wanna put ir- un-
F : reproduceable data on them.
I : Uh-huh.
D : Year  or two?
A : Hmm.
I : think you'd hear much more
F : fo-
F : tha- that's not the only source. They have them   on disk.
G : But we have like thirty ten years ago? No.
D : Yeah.
G : Uh, both. I've burned them and they're still O_K. I mean, usually  they're -
F : O_K. The - the pressed  ones last for- well, not forever, they've been finding even those degrade.
F : the burned  ones - I mean,
F : I have had disks which are gone  in a year.
F : On the average,  four  years.
I : So how about   - ?
F : if you have them   pressed,
I : risky ?
F : And the tape is hi- is very  reliable.
F : So the - the only issue is then if we need access to them.
F : So that's fine f- if we don't need access to them.
F : Oh. So you're just saying put them   on C_Ds
G : See -
I : Mmm.
G : Yeah.
G : H- everytime it was a "gonna" - "gonna die".
E : Yeah.
E : Just before.
G : Just before they- be- before it goes bad, it burns them in.
F : the C_D is an alternative  to tape. ICSI already has a perfectly good tape system and it's more reliable.
H : Yeah.
D : I  would think -
I : bother with it, uh,   more than once.
F : they weren't getting set  correctly every once in a while, and I was just,
G : Ah.
F : caused it to be re-backed-up.
F : But normally  you're correct.
I : But - but this back-up system is smart enough to figure out that something hasn't changed and doesn't need to be backed-up again.
D : I think th- the - at least the once tha- that you put it on, it would -
D : it would
I : uh, what - what do they call these, um high density - ?
I : No, no. Because this is maybe something that we can do without involving Dave, and -
I : How about   we buy,
I : And we do our own back-up once and for all   @@  up?
D : Wh-
B : What   kinda tape drive?
F : but - no, but Andreas's point is a good one. And we don't have  ourselves  to do that. They're already right now on tape.
F : Right. So your - your point  good  one, that we could just get more disk and put it there.
I : On an X_H - uh, X_ - X_ whatever partition. Yeah.
D : And the only thing that costs is the back-up issue,
D : eh, to first order. And we can take care of that by putting it on non-back- up drives and just
I : Right.
D : Oh.   Yeah.
I : O_K.
F : Uh
B : It's probably gonna n-
G : Yeah. That's what I'm wondering, if -
F : Well
G : put a tape in the drive? Or s- ?
F : Right? Because -
B : No, no, no. He's  whole  different drive.
I : Well, I'm saying is @@
I : "well that's gonna screw up our back-up operation."
F : "if - if that means that it's not gonna be backed-up
F : standardly,  great."
D : O_K.
D : Yeah.
F : N_W archive. That's what it is.
A : Yep
D : O_K.
I : Right.
A : Yeah.
I : O_K.
I : O_K.
D : another,
D : What's that?
I : S_R_I recognition? Oh.
D : Uh. Who's that?
I : we have lots of them.
G : Lift the Herve approach.
B : Yeah.
I : Well, you have to sa- you have to tandem  features.
B : Yes, I'm using tandem features.
B : And -
F : @@
D : Yeah, I got confused by the results. It sai- because - uh, the meeting before,
B : That was on males.
D : Oh.
D : It's the women  are the problem. O_K.
I : So -
G : I'm well rehearsed.
D : Yeah.
I : we had reached the point where,
I : on the male portion of the development set,
I : which are M_F_C_C. So,
D : No.
I : Yeah.
I : uh - so then um -
I : the vocal tract length normalization
I : actually made things worse.
D : Aha!
I : Hhh.
D : And what you were using before was scaling factors that were just from the - the m- the S_R_I front-end.
I : Um and it didn't hurt on the males either. So,
I : Oh, and suddenly, also the v- the vocal tract length normalization only in the test  test  data.
I : you expect it to help a little  test,  and s- more if you do it on both training and test.
D : Yeah.
I : I'm currently retraining another  set of models where it's both in the training and the test, and then
I : And it is  true that the, uh - that the -
I : you know, we are  using the -
I : it can't  be just the
I : if you don't  do V_T_L in both systems,
D : No - no. I - I remember   that.
G : Yeah,   better  on females than males.
F : That's what I thought, too.
I : overall, yes, but on this particular development test set,
I : S_R_I system when trained with ICSI features.
G : if - if you have any indication of your standard features, you know, if that's also different or in the same direction or not.
G : Cuz -
D : Baum-Welch training? Or is it Viterbi training? Or - ?
I : would - would help, but it's sort of you know.
D : Or maybe - or maybe you're doing one too many.  I mean it's - it's -
D : @@
D : Uh. Well, there can be. Sure.
D : It d- if you - if you remember some years ago Bill Byrne did a thing where he was - he was looking at that, and he showed that you could
D : But -
D : you know, the - the usual fudge factors? The, uh -
I : Um
I : Although that hasn't shown to make
B : Yeah, the likelihoods were lower
G : Oh.
B : Was just looking through the log files, and -
I : directly comparable   because you have a different normalization constants for each model you train. So -
B : Oh.
D : But, still it's a question - if you have some threshold somewhere in terms of beam search or something, or - ?
B : Well, yeah. That's what I was wondering.
I : Uh -
I : um we could probably
D : And it -
D : See cuz, i- i-
I : currently the Feacalc program doesn't allow me to change the filter shape independently of the scale.
I : I did the experiment on the S_R_I  front-end where I tried the -
I : And it did slightly  worse, but it's really a small difference.
D : Couple tenths of a percent or something. Right.
F : O_K. So it's not  just
F : losing some
I : a huge
I : difference.
D : We've always viewed it, anyway, as the major  difference between the two,
I : O_K. So one thing I haven't done yet is to actually do all of this with
I : I- i- it's - it's - eh
D : Mm-hmm.
D : Mm-hmm.
I : so the strategy is to first sort of treat things with fast turn-around on a smaller training set and then,
D : uh, what's the boot models
I : Th- th- the boot models are  trained from scratch. So we compute, um -
I : sets that - that we train.
I : Then you do two iterations of - of - of context- dependent
I : and you do four iterations of that. So there's a lot  of iterations overall between your
I : Now I have these much  better models. I'll re-generate my initial alignments. Then I'll get much better models at the end."
I : I think it's - eh, i-
I : the boot models are recur-
D : Well, mis- for making things better.  Yeah. But,
D : this for making things worse.  possible  partial cause is if the boot models
D : that -
I : But there are  no boot models, in fact.
I : @@
D : So, those features look  at the data differently, actually.
I : with the same front-end  but with acoustic models that were,
I : And with a dict- different dictionary - with a considerably  different dictionary, which was much less detailed and much less well-suited.
I : probably not
D : But it - it - I st- still see it as - I mean,
D : but I - I - I th- I think it could  be
I : Yeah.
D : the things that it -
D : the data  is being viewed in a certain way,
D : is here  there  and so forth, because the actual signal-processing you're doing is slightly different.
I : um, and until we've seen the results with the - with the V_T_L in training.
D : Yeah. At some  take  the same thing and try it on,
D : Uh -
I : And, uh, with this,
I : With this said.
D : that you - ?
F : ported a Blass  library to Absinthe,
F : I was estimating it should  be, and I'm not sure why.
D : Yeah, we'll just go buy them,   I guess .
F : And it's also five-fifty megahertz and you can get a gigahertz.
F : So.
I : Can you mix t- uh, processors of different
F : I don't  think so. I think we'd have to do all -
D : Thank you for the box, and -
I : Maybe we can stick them in another system. I dunno.
D : Is - is Liz coming back, do you know, or - ?
I : O_K.
D : Alright. So -
D : And, um, so, these are the demos for the uh, July,
D : uh, meeting and,
D : Oh, I think it's July fifteenth. Is that it?
D : Yeah something like that. Um,
F : A unison digits?
A : O_K.
D : Gets our  -
E : Oops.
F : I found a couple of old ones.
F : the idea is just to read each line with a short pause
F : and then start reading the
F : L_ one fifty.
A : Transcript L_ one four nine.
H : Transcript
B : Transcript one four three one dash one four five zero.
E : Transcript L_ one forty eight.
D : Transcript
C : Two one nine one, dash two two one zero.
F : Two, four six nine, four eight, eight two eight, two.
A : One eight four one, seven seven zero zero, seven zero s-
E : One three one, three seven four, nine three nine three.
H : Two one, five four, eight five, six two, five six.
B : Eight three one.
D : nine seven one
B : Nine six four.
F : Three O_ four, two eight t- O_, O_ seven one.
E : Zero, six six four, two four, three nine seven, eight.
D : O_
B : O_.
D : zero
B : Zero nine nine zero.
H : One eight, three nine, seven, six three four.
C : Six.
D : one zero two nine seven nine nine
C : Eight one nine.
F : One three seven one, O_, five one two.
A : Six five one - Lemme do that again.
B : One
B : Two.
C : Nine three zero.
D : three one two eight seven four four.
A : One eight four one, seven seven zero zero, seven zero two seven.
B : Four one two.
E : one nine five three, five two zero
H : Six eight eight eight, nine, seven eight zero.
F : Eight five six, three one nine, eight eight seven.
B : Five three one nine four.
C : O_ six two one four.
D : four six six
B : Six six four.
D : five three
A : Six five one, seven three, six two six zero.
H : Zero five five, one four nine, nine five five three.
C : Zero nine five
B : Seven five.
F : Two O_ five, seven two four, nine one six.
D : six eight seven
E : Nine, eight eight zero, three one, nine one one, eight.
B : Eight.
B : Nine O_ O_.
D : seven O_ five two
A : Three three eight nine, seven, four three one.
F : Zero, eight eight two, one six, eight six seven, one.
B : O_ O_ nine nine eight eight eight.
H : Five two nine eight, eight eight four five, five six two four.
D : eight
C : One.
D : nine zero
C : Two.
E : Eight five
D : zero three
C : Three O_ O_.
A : One five three one, one seven one five, three zero five two.
B : One four.
D : one two
B : Two six six one three eight nine.
H : Five zero nine one, nine five three four, two six five six.
C : Five one zero six one zero one.
D : two seven one
F : Nine one, eight four, three six, nine eight, seven two.
E : Three two
D : three eight O_ five five O_ three
A : Nine nine three, five eight three, six seven three.
B : Three five four
C : Six five three three.
H : Two one two, four five nine, three two five.
D : four
F : Seven, two six two, one two, six five nine, eight.
D : five
A : Eight zero, five six, zero, eight one eight.
C : Seven seven.
B : Four eight.
D : six O_ nine O_
E : Five, nine four one, six one, nine five six, seven.
B : Five.
H : Seven three three, seven five, nine zero four one.
C : Eight.
D : eight two four O_ one seven eight
B : Six.
B : Seven O_ nine six nine.
A : Six nine eight, four two, two nine zero zero.
C : Nine.
D : nine
C : O_.
D : two O_ four six.
E : Four four eight, six seven one, four five six.
A : Eight zero, three two, three seven, seven six, zero one.
C : Zero.
C : Two two five eight.
C : Three one.
C : Four four six nine.
C : Five.
C : Six.
D : O_K
