A : Can you uh, say your name and talk into your mike one at a time?
D : Tasting one two three, tasting.
E : Oh, this would be k- O_K, is that better?
D : @@  How - how many are there, one to five?
B : One five, yeah.
E : Would you like to join the meeting? I bet -
B : Yeah.
D : Want to join the meeting, Dave? Do we - do - do we have a spare, uh -
A : And I'm getting lots of responses on different  Ms  are on.
F : I'm - I  shouldn't. I've got something -
D : we'r- This is - this - this is a meeting  meeting.
E : This is abou- we're - we're mainly being taped but we're gonna talk about, uh, transcription for the m- future
F : No, I shouldn't really. I would have on another
E : e-
C : You're always  having one of those days, Dave.
A : Besides, I don't want anyone who has a weird accent. Right, Dan?
D : So, I don't understand if it's neck mounted you don't get very good performance.
C : It's not  supposed  head  mounted.
D : Yeah. It - it should
A : Well, then put it on your head.  doing?
D : Cuz when you do this, you can -
D : Rouww-Rouww.
A : Well, I m- I would prefer  complaining  about it.
B : It's very badly designed? Why? It's not s- It's not supposed to cover up your ears.  I mean, it's only badly -
D : What do you mean  it doesn't go over the ears?
A : Yeah but, there's nowhere to put the pad  comfortable.
E : So that's  He's  temples  circulation.
B : Oh, that's strange.
A : And it feels so good that way.
C : It feels  good  stop.
E : We could do it with noise.
D : When can we do the alphabet?
A : O_K. So this is Adam.
E : Uh, this  before.
B : It's still the same words.
A : So this is Adam Janin on mike number one, transcript three seventy-one, three ninety, mike.
A : six eight one
A : seven
A : eight
A : nine zero
A : zero one two nine five
A : one three eight three
A : two seven seven
A : three
A : four five one
A : five
A : six O_ one O_ seven
A : eight two four seven six four nine
A : nine three five
A : O_ six three four O_
A : s-
A : zero seven one
A : one
A : two
A : three zero
A : five one O_
A : six five.
A : I think we're session four  might  five.
E : No-
D : Psss! that's
E : Now, just to be sure, the numbers on the back, this is the channel?
E : That's the microphone
E : Five -
E : Good.
B : Well, uh, let me do one.
B : O_.
B : Zero zero five four six.
B : Two three seven one.
B : Three two two two seven.
B : Four seven three two O_ one one.
B : Five nine two six.
B : Six.
B : Seven O_ four O_ nine seven nine.
B : Eight zero five eight.
B : O_ two eight one three O_ one.
B : Zero four.
B : One seven eight eight zero four two.
B : Two three seven O_ seven.
B : Three.
B : Four O_ one four.
B : Five.
B : Seven three six.
B : Eight five one seven two.
B : Nine six one.
B : O_.
E : Jane,  five.
A : Uh, transcript number.
B : Transcript number -
E : Transcript number four five one, four seven zero.
E : nine O_ seven
E : zero four two three
E : one two nine seven eight seven zero
E : two eight eight
E : three
E : four
E : five
E : six
E : eight one three four
E : nine one eight O_ two
E : O_
E : zero six zero
E : one
E : two O_
E : three O_
E : five one six zero three four zero
E : six three O_ O_
E : seven five
E : eight nine
E : nine nine seven.
C : O_K, this is Eric on microphone number three,
C : uh, reading transcript four ninety-one, five ten.
C : Zero.
C : One.
C : Two O_ two nine.
C : Four one three.
C : Five two four.
C : Six seven nine five.
C : Seven nine seven.
C : Eight nine four.
C : Nine zero nine.
C : O_ O_.
C : One three nine O_.
C : Two seven O_ six five seven one.
C : Three.
C : Four six two five.
C : Five O_ two one seven.
C : Six zero eight zero zero six four.
C : Eight three six nine two.
C : Nine four four three.
C : O_ seven eight nine.
C : Zero eight seven seven.
D : This is Beck  four.
D : Transcript five one one five three zero. Channel blank.
D : one
D : two O_ one five O_
D : three
D : five three seven six eight six nine
D : six two six O_
D : seven seven six four two one four
D : eight
D : nine
D : O_
D : zero
D : two one four nine
D : three two O_ two
D : four three zero eight three
D : five nine three five six
D : six
D : seven O_
D : nine two seven eight
D : O_ five nine
D : zero seven nine six two
D : one five zero zero two seven seven
A : Why? other  than hit "quit"?
E : Uh, you said turn off the what?
E : Oh.
A : the act of
E : Oh,  see.
D : Yeah, but Eric, uh, you didn't think that was a reasonable hypothesis,  right?
D : That was malarkey.
D : No chance  that.
B : @@  No,  don't.
A : Yeah.
B : But we - we ought to st- we ought to standardize. I think, uh, I s- I spoke to
B : somebody,  Morgan,  about that.
B : I think - I think we should put mar- Well, no, w- we can do that. I know what they - they're - they're four, three, two, one.
B : In order now.
B : two, and one. But I think - I think we should put them in standard positions. I think we should make little marks on the table top.
A : So.
A : Right.
A : Mmm.
C : I  see.
D : Wait  projector  gets installed.
A : That'll work.
B : When's  installed?
E : O_K.
D : Well,
B : I  see.
D : Is this b- is this being recorded?
A : That's right.
D : I handed it off to her about a month  ago.
B : I  see.
A : commercial  working  on doing transcription.
A : electronics,
A : and then, uh, maybe also talk a little bit about some infrastructure and tools, and so on.
A : So.
B : Distribute what? The data?
A : Right.
A : think  it's gonna be generally useful.
A : I mean, it seems like it's not a corpus which is - uh, has been done  before.
A : And so I think  having   having  and so we will -
B : Yes.
A : Well, or something.
A : you know.
D : Yeah.
A : how do we just do all that infrastructure?
E : Yeah, that's right.
A : Right, but - but so should we do it in the same format as L_D_C and what does that mean  already?
B : Right. The -
B : It's not so much the actu- The logistics  preparing the data in a suitable form for distribution.
A : Right. So, uh,
A : as it is,  Dan  I  set up, which we may wanna make a little more formal.
B : And the other  thing is that, um,
A : So.
B : University of Washington may want to start recording meetings as well,  in which case
B : give them  a copy.
D : A field  trip.
A : Yeah. summer
B : Oh, really?
A : Yeah.
B : Different for you.  Yes.
A : spend some time - also  digits.
A : So I have a bunch of scripts with X_Waves, and some Perl scripts, and other things that make it really easy to extract out digits  are.
A : thing  I think it's worth while for them to do these digits tasks as well.
A : And what I've done is pretty ad-hoc,
C : Hmm.
A : You know, S_T_M files, or X_M_L, or something.
A : And so they're applying, I think I_B_ M?
A : Something like that.
A : Um, for some more money to do more data. So we were planning to do like thirty or forty hours worth of meetings.
A : hundred  a  very  large data set.
A : Um, but of course we're not gonna do that if we don't get money.
A : So.
B : I  see.
A : And I  room.
A : I mean, one of the things Morgan and I were talking about is we're gonna get to know this room really well, the - the acoustics  of this room.
D : Including  fan.  notice  fan  difference?
A : Including the fan.
B : Oh, now you've touched the fan  data's  gonna be -
D : Hear  difference?
E : Oh,  better.
D : Do you wanna leave it off  not?
A : All  others  on.
D : Yeah, the - You sure?
B : Oh, yeah. Absolutely.
D : You - You think that -
A : y- Absolut-
D : things after the f- then
D : backwards  by the way.
D : Uh, I think this is high  speed here.
D : Well, not clear. Maybe it - Maybe it isn't.
B : Well it's - well like
D : I was wondering also,
D : Get ready.
E : Uh-huh.
D : whether the lights  made any noise.
A : There's definitely   - Yep. High pitch hum. Wow.
B : Oh, they do.
D : So,
A : Yeah, just get a variety.
C : It would - you know, it would real- really mean that we should do short meetings when you
D : Short meetings, that's right.
C : turn off the air conditioning,
D : Yeah, sort of r- r-
C : got to finish  this meeting.
D : Tear t-
D : Tear your clothing off to stay cool.
C : So, um, in addition to this issue about the U_W stuff there was announced today, uh, via the L_D_C, um, a corpus from I believe  Santa Barbara.
E : Yeah, I saw it. I've been watching  for that corpus.
E : Yep.
C : And I don't know exactly how they recorded it but apparently there's a lot of different styles of speech and what not. And -
E : I - I assume so, actually, I hadn't thought about that. Unless they added
E : close field later on but, um, I've listened  to some of those data and I, um, I've been - I - I was actually on the advisory board for when they set the project up.
A : Mm-hmm.
C : S-
A : I wish we had someone here  adaptation  nice  take  adapt  meeting  setting.
C : In doing, um, some of our first automatic
E : Great idea.
E : And - and their recording conditions are really clean. I mean, I've - I've heard - I've listened to the data. It sounds -
C : No, and their web - their web page didn't answer it either. So I'm, I- uh, was thinking that we should contact them. So it's - that's sort of a beside-the-point point. But.
C : Uh, in fact we get it for free  cuz they're distributing it through the L_D_C.
E : The other  too  is from - from a -
E : transcription  discourse  domain.
E : it  time aligned. I mean, I s- I - I saw that write-up.
C : Yeah. did  so - so that we can - we can compare.
E : Yeah, sp- I've  really  pleased to see that. I knew that they -
E : they had had some funding problems in completing it but, um,
C : Yeah. Well they're -
C : then it ma- they may not  do phase two but
C : from all the web documentation it looked like, "oh, this is phase one", whatever that means.
E : Super. Great. Yeah, that - I mean, they're really well respected in the linguistics d- side too  and the discourse area, and -
C : O_K.
E : So this is a very good corpus.
C : Liz,  if she wanted to start working on some discourse issues, you know, looking at some of this data and then, you know -
A : Actually, that's another thing I was thinking  Jane  should talk to Liz,
E : O_K.
C : Maybe we should have a big meeting meeting.
A : A meeting meeting meeting.
A : Well this is the meeting about the meeting meeting meeting. So.
A : Well, I was even thinking that maybe we need to at least ping  the U_dub -
A : you know, say "this is what we're thinking about for our transcription ", if nothing else.
A : So, well w- shall we move on and talk a little bit about transcription then? that's  talking  about.
A : so it has a, uh, nice useful Tcl-T_K user interface and, uh,
A : Right, right. So we're - we're at this  point only looking for word level. So all - all - so what you have to do is just identify a segment of speech in time,
A : and then write down what was said within it, and identify the speaker.
A : I  the text, the start and end, and the speaker.
A : But other  stress  stress,
A : Um, and then things like repairs, and false starts, and,
A : we have to decide how much of that we wanna do.
E : I did include a glo- repair  then, uh -
E : it seems - I mean, we saw,  and I think Liz has done some stuff too on that, that it, uh -
E : uh -
E : prosodic aspects. I  then it's nice to have sort of a sense of
A : Mm-hmm.
E : and  which isn't
A : Mm-hmm.
D : Yourself?  It - this is - this is like five times real time or ten times real time -
A : Ten  times about, is - and so one of the things was to get an estimate of how long it would take,
A : decision  pretty  are  we gonna do it?
D : And so you make Jane do the first  all
B : That's right.
E : I wanna hear about these - uh, we have a g- you were s- continuing with the transcription conventions for s-
A : R- right, so - so one  one  option is to get
A : linguistics grad students and undergrads to do it. And apparently that's happened in the past. probably  the right way to do it.
A : Um, it will  done  correctly,
A : imagine  that  much better from a commercial one.
A : And the commercial ones I'm sure will be much more expensive.
D : Can't we get Joy to do it all?
E : No,
A : Yeah right.
A : We will just get Joy and Jane to do everything.
D : Is tha- wasn't that what she was doing before?
D : Yeah, that's right.
A : But, you know, that's what we're talking  money  and, uh,
A : o-
E : I object
A : I  Joy.  recording " and then say, uh, Morgan has - has consistently
E : Oh, thank you. O_K.
A : resisted  telling me how much money we have.
D : Right. Well, the answer is zero.
B : I have such a hard name.
A : I mean, I - I can't imagine us  ourselves.
D : Well, we already - we already -
E : Well th- there is als-
E : you can - you could get people to -
D : Well, i- b- but seriously, I - I mean, Morgan's obviously in a bind over this and thing to do is just the field of dreams theory,
D : which is we- we go ahead as though there will be money at the time that we need the money.
D : And that's - that's the best we can do. i- b- To not do anything until we get money is - is ridiculous.
A : Right.
D : We're not gonna do any - get anything done if we do that.
A : So at any rate, Jane was looking into  students,  at - is that right? Talking to people about that?
E : I'm afraid I haven't made any progress in that front yet. I should've sent email and I haven't yet.
A : O_K.
D : I- d- do - So until you actually little  does  we don't even have -
E : And I do  have -
D : Oh, we have.  I'm sorry.
E : Actually that's the - the one people usually use, ten X_.
E : And I haven't really calculated - How fast am I? I haven't done a s- see, I've been at the same time doing kind of a boot strapping in deciding on the transcription conventions that - that are -
D : Yeah i-
E : you know, and - and stuff like, you know, how much -
E : into  in order to
E : uh, transcribe it the most quickly.  five  easy.
E : mark
E : hear it th- right the first time if you've marked it at a boundary  middle,  cuz then the word's bisected or whatever and -
E : instructions  you could cut back on the number of hours it would take.
E : That's  an interesting idea. Hey!
D : Well, a couple  time  marking you'd get - you could get
B : Wow .
D : by a tool. And so if the - if - if the issue really- uh, I'm think about the close caption that you see running by on - on live news casts. You know, yo-
D : I know - I know  that,
D : it may be a lot easier  correct  scratch,  how  merge  two  -
E : That'd  be fun.
D : Well s- but - but again the timing is for fr- should be for free. The timing should be -
A : We don't care about the timing of the words,  utterances.
B : We don't - we don't know, actually. We haven't decided which - which time we care about, and that's kind of one of the things that you're saying, is like -
B : you have the option to put in more or less  timing data -
B : and, uh, be- in the absence of more specific instructions,
A : Yeah, so - so what - what she's done so  far, is sort of -
A : more or less breath g- not  sort of phrases,
A : that's  nice because you - you separate when you do an extract, you get a little silence on either end. So that seems to work really well.
E : That's ideal. um -
E : that, you know, ev- if it were like an arbitrary segment of time -
E : i- t- pre-marked  cuz it does take time to put those markings in.
E : and then you press the return key.
E : stop  the flow
E : and - and, uh, the return key to p- to put in a marking of the boundary.
E : But, you know, obviously there's a lag between when you hear it and when you can press the return key so it's slightly delayed, so then you -
E : you listen to it a second time and move it over to here. marked  l- you know, good -
D : i- a-
D : ar- but-
D : Are - are those d- delays adjustable?
A : Hmm.
D : Those delays adjustable? understand  delay,
B : It could do  couldn't  it.
E : Oh, interesting point. Ah! O_K, that would make a difference.
A : I mean, cuz primarily  the markings are at speaker change.
B : But we've got - we've got the most channel data. We'd have to do it from your  signal.
B : Right.
E : Oh, good point! Ah! volume.
A : Yeah, I guess the question  is how much time will it really save us versus the time to write all the tools to do it.
B : Right. ten or a hundred hours, which is going to take a hundred or a thousand hours to transcribe -
D : if we can go from ten X_ to five X_ we're doing a big -
C : Right. So maybe -
E : Wow.
A : and validate  the tools the do the d- to - to do all this anyway.
B : If we're just doing silence detection -
A : I knew you were gonna do that.
E : I'm
B : Um, i- it seems  like -
B : Well, uh, I don't know. Yeah. I mean, it - it's - it's maybe like -
E : Could you get it so that with - so it would - it would detect volume on a channel and insert a marker? And the - the format's really transparent. It's just a matter of
C : Yeah.
E : a very c- clear - it's X_M_L, isn't it?
E : a time indication and then something or other, and then an end time or something or other.
C : maybe - maybe we could try the following experiment. Take the data that you've already transcribed
D : Oh- Oh, I  see. O_K, good.
C : Right. Right. I'm go-
C : Right. Um,
C : given that we had perfect boundary detection. And see if it - see if it - see if it feels easier to you.
D : And forgetting all the words because you've been thr-
E : Yeah, that's what I was thinking.  cheating  little  with  familiarity  effect.
C : Yeah, I mean uh, that's part of the problem is, is that what we really  need is somebody else to come along.
B : Well, no, you should do it - you should do it - scratch  three
E : No.
D : statistics
C : Yeah.
E : Now, there's a plan.
E : I should have it finished by the end of the day.
D : No, but the thing is the fact that she's - she's did it before just might give a lower bound. That's all. Uh, which is fine. It's -
C : Right.
D : And if the lower bound is nine  X_ then w- it's a waste of time.
B : Oh!
E : that  a  new  -
E : a new  batch of text that I haven't yet done yet in the same meeting.
E : Could use it on the next segment of the  text.
B : The point  we - where do we get the - the - the oracle boundaries from?
A : Yeah, one  other  that's  I  could do that.
E : Well, but couldn't I do it for the next -
E : Well, but the oracle boundaries would come from volume on a partic- specific channel wouldn't they?
A : I mean, that - that's easy enough. I could generate the segmentation and - and you could do the words,
A : and time  yourself on it. So.
D : A little double-blind-ear kind of thing.
E : I  see.
D : too  tool,  future  but if - if
E : And the other thing too is with - with speaker  speaker  identification that's a big
B : Well it w- I think it's pretty easy when we've got separate channels.
D : use
E : O_K. Yeah, I mean, that's a nice feature.
C : like, I  other  people that weren't wearing microphones.
A : That  -
E : Yeah.
A : it might save ninety percent of the work  though.
B : we - it doesn't - it seems like it's not really not that hard to have an automatic tool to generate
E : We didn't finish the -
E : did  you talked a little bit about the transcription conventions,
E : status  report, that you had written a script to convert it into -
E : So, I - when I - i- the - it's quickest for me in terms of
E : transcription  if Adam spoke to, um -
E : Like who could be, you know, I mean at the beginning of the line.
B : Mmm.
E : and E_ colon instead of entering the interface for speaker identification and clicking on the thing, uh, indicating the speaker I_D.
E : So, and then he has a script that will convert it into the - the thing that, uh, would indicate speaker I_D.
A : It's pretty cute. any  rate. So, um,
A : Everyone - more  or less everyone you talk to says about ten times for hard technical transcription.
D : using stone age tools.
A : I mean, I looked at Cyber Transcriber which is a service that you send an audio file, they do a first-pass speech recognition.
A : And then they - they do a clean up.
A : But it's gonna be horrible.  never  meeting  like this.
A : Well, for Cyber Transcriber they don't quote a price. They want you to call and - and talk. So for other  services,
A : Thirty - So, yeah. For thirty dollars an hour for - of their work.
C : So that's three - that's three  hours.
D : D- did you talk to anybody that does closed captioning for - for uh, T_V?
C : Right.
D : Well, you know, the - the thing - the thing about this is thinking
D : kind of, maybe a little more globally than I should
D : it was a - it was a big hassle,  could've
D : And clearly some new stuff needs to be done here.
D : our time, where "our" of course includes Dan,  Uh.
B : Yeah, I mean I don't know if we'd be able to do any thing f- to help S_T_P type
B : problems. But certainly for this  problem we can do a lot better than -
D : Why? Because they wanted a lot more detail?
B : No. Because they had - because they only had two speakers,  right? I mean, the - the segmentation problem is -
A : Trivial.
A : They had two  telephone.
D : Oh, I  them   so long?
A : Um, mostly  time.  syllable
A : transcription, as well as, uh, word  transcription.
D : Right.
A : And so we're - w- we decided early on that we were not  do  that.
D : But there's still the same issue of managing the process, of - of reviewing and keeping the files straight, and all this stuff, that - which is clearly a hassle.
A : Right. And so - so what I'm saying  think  we can expect three hundred dollars an hour.
B : Yeah.
A : I think that's the ball park. There were several different companies that - and the - the range was very tight for technical documents. Twenty-eight to thirty-two dollars an hour.
A : They won't.  We'll have to mix them.
E : Mm-hmm. And then there's the problem also that -
D : Well, they might - they might quote it -
A : Sev- several of them say that they'll do meetings, and conferences, and s- and so on. None of them specifically said that they would do speaker  I_D,
A : or speaker  change mark. They all just said transcription.
D : Th- th- the- th- there may be just multiplier for five people costs twice as much and for ten people co- Something  that.
A : Well, the - the way it worked is it - it was scaled. So what they had  is,
A : if it's an easy task it costs twenty-four dollars an hour and it will take maybe five or six times real time.
A : And what they said is for the hardest tasks, bad acoustics, meeting settings, it's thirty-two dollars an hour and it takes about ten times real time.
A : So I think that we can count on that being
A : about what they would do. It would probably be a little more because we're gonna want them to do speaker  marking.
D : A lot of companies I've worked for y- the, uh -
D : and mentally calculate h- how many dollars per hour this meeting was costing, right?
D : In university
D : you know, it's a lot like, "he's worth fifty an hour, he's worth -"
D : And so he-
D : so here
D : ch-
A : Yep, we have to have a short meeting. Stop talking!
B : Yeah.
A : And clearly.
B : That's right.
D : only  pointed
A : Content words only.
E : We could have some telegraphic meetings. That  might be interesting.
B : Yeah, it'd be cheap. Cheap to transcribe.
D : @@
D : And we're talking about do- doing how  many hours worth of meetings?
E : Yeah.
B : Three hundred.
A : Three hundred dollars an hour. Right.
C : seven dollars an hour. And the question is what's the difference - or ei- eight dollars. What - do you know what the going rate is? It's - it's on the order of eight to ten.
B : Yeah, give them   a break.
D : The- these are not for engineering graduate students, right?
A : Six.
A : Mm-hmm.
E : And there's another aspect too.
E : The other thing too is that, uh, if they were linguistics they'd be -
A : I mean, we can't tell them, you know, "for this meeting we really wanna mark stress and for this meeting we want -"
B : No .
A : not  provide speaker I_D.
A : I hope  it's Jane. Is that alright?
E : uh, monetary compensation or would I be the voluntary, uh, coordinator of multiple transcribers for checking ?
E : O_K.
D : You know
E : Oh, I don't wanna stop working for Dave.
D : See? That's why Dave should have been here.
E : Oh, cool. Yeah.
A : Well, I would like  experience  feasible,  I  advisor.
D : W- we'd like you to do it and we'd like to pay you. Not being Morgan though, it's -
E : We'll  see.
E : Oh, I see. Well -
B : We'd like
D : Yeah.
A : Yeah, six dollars an hour.
D : And - and then -
E : Yeah, I see. O_K. doing
C : That's a -
D : an- an- an- and be- and be sure and say, would you like fries with that when you're thinking about your pay scale.
A : O_K.
A : More.
E : Yeah.
E : What - Well, you know what I thought was right now we have p- So I gave him the proposal for the transcription conventions. He made his, uh, suggestion of improvement. The - the - It's a good suggestion.
B : O_K.
E : So as far as I'm concerned those transcription conventions are fixed right now.
E : And so my next plan would be -
E : They're very minimal. So, one of them is the idea of how to indicate speaker change,
E : beneath  it,
E : above  each other.
E : And then at the same  the top s- part of the screen is the actual verbatim thing. You can clip - click on individual utterances and it'll take you immediately to that part of the speech signal, and play it for you.
E : And you can, eh- you can work pretty well between those two - these two things.
A : using their interface to specify overlapping speakers you can only do two. But my script can handle any.  save  format can handle any.
D : Do y-  is this a, uh, university project?
E : Oh.
B : Oh, really?
D : Uh , did you ask them to change the interface for more speakers?
A : Multichannels was also - Well, they said they wanted to do it but
A : organized around single channels. So I think that's n- unlikely  to ha- happen.
C : For transcription. It's -
E : Ho-
B : Linguists.
B : Yeah.
D : Mm-hmm.
C : but a- apart from that. Yeah .
C : Right.
A : And they have - they've actually asked if we are willing to do any development and I said, well, maybe.
C : Right.
E : Mm-hmm.
D : Their pre- pre-lay.
E : Pre-lay. Well, and they've thought about things. You know, I mean, they - they do have -
A : Way.
E : So you have - when you - when you play it back,
E : um, it's - it is  break  mark to - se- segment it.
E : And so,
E : uh, that's a nice feature. break  cycling through the unit.
E : You could do it like multiply
D : missing.  all  analog  It's what
D : audio people actually use  of course. It's something that wh-
D : further,  faster  past it, like fast forward.
D : You know, like a joy stick or a - uh, you could wire a mouse or trackball to do something like that.
E : Why, that's -
E : That's not something I wanted to have happen.
D : do  this kind of thing for - for - for - m- for video or for audio -
D : where you - you need to do this, and so you get very good at sort of jostling back and forth, rather than hitting tab, and backspace, and carriage return, and enter, and things like that.
E : Uh-huh.
C : Yeah.
A : Yeah, we talked about things like foot pedals and other analog -
E : Yeah, I - I agree. They - they have several options. So, uh, you know, I mentioned the looping  pause  boundary.
C : Yeah.
E : go around the c- the, uh,
E : I wanna say cursor but I'm not sure if that's the right thing.
E : Anyway, you can - so they thought about different ways of having windows that you c- uh work
E : within, it's  strictly orthographic which means with some w-
B : Mm-hmm.
E : w- uh, an apostrophe at the beginning of the word and then in - in double ang- angle brackets
E : what the full lexical item would be. And this could be something that was handled by a table or something but I think
E : to have a convention marking it as a non-standard
E : or wha- I don't mean standard
E : "Gonna" or "wanna", you know, the same thing. And - and there would be limits to how much refinement you want in indicating something as non-standard pres- pronunciation.
E : Backchannels? Um,
E : you know - oh, yes, there was some - in my view,
C : What do you mean by du-
E : this is not gonna be when  "no", or, you know,
E : uh, i- "immediate". And instead just sort of rendered "within this time slot,
B : Yeah.
E : @@  -
C : Well, yeah, what I mean is wh- I mean, when somebody says "uh-huh" in the middle of, uh, a @@  -
A : Yep.
C : Oh, cuz I was - I was listening to  Dan  was agreeing a lot to things that you were saying as you were talking.
E : Oh, well, thank you Dan. Appreciate it. Well, if it - if there was a word like "right",
E : you know, then I wou- I would indicate that it happened within the same tem- time frame but wouldn't say exactly when it happened.
D : I'll be right back.
B : I transcribed a minute  lot  of overlapping. It was -
A : Huge  meeting,  and we're all sort of separated, and - and doing things.
A : during  clearly.
A : comments  -
A : and - but I think a lot  of them were because you were at the meeting.
A : often you can't tell. I mean, Jane had - had comments like
E : Yeah. Only when it was otherwise gonna be puzzling because he was in the other room talking.
A : Yeah.
A : Yeah, but someone who, uh, was just the transcriber wouldn't have known that.
A : Or when Dan said, "I wa- I wasn't talking  you
A : You have to turn off your mike.
B : Yeah.
E : meter
B : You don't have  to.
E : @@
E : And - and so he was - in - sort of - you were sort of talking -
E : you know, so I was saying, like - see
E : And he said - Or - it wasn't - it didn't sound quite that rude. But really, no, uh - w- you know in the context if you know he can't hear what he's saying -
A : but when you w- when you listen  to it -
D : he- he-
D : It was a lot funnier if you were there though.
E : you  who was.
A : totally  impolite.
A : But - but if you knew  room,  me,
D : So this is - this is gonna go on the meeting meeting transcriber bloopers tape, right?
A : Yes. Right.
E : mixed  signal so you couldn't get any clues from
A : Stereo. Yeah.
E : volume  away  this  conversation. You couldn't do that symmetrically in any case.
A : Oh. I should rewrite the mix
E : That's  a good idea.
A : I have a
E : But I thought it would be - you know, I - I didn't wanna add more contextual comments than were needed but that, it seemed to me, clarified that the
E : O_K, so normalization -
C : if that's O_K, which - which was, so say somebody's talking for a while and somebody goes "mm-hmm" in the middle of it, and - and - and what not,
C : come out from the - or the person who's speaking for the long time as one segment and then there's this little tiny segment
C : the - the - it in two.
E : and, uh, to keep it within what he  I wouldn't say breath groups but prosodic or intonational groups as much as possible. So
E : uh,
E : uh, intonational contour, I - I indicated it as,
E : like what you just did.
E : @@  this utterance plus an overlap.
E : Yeah, that's right. And you know, it could be made more precise than that but I just thought -
C : Right.
D : I think whenever we use these speech words we should always  accent,  @@  @@ .
E : I
E : And then
E : them
E : So I just always wrote it as U_ M_.
E : you know, "U_H_U_H." I mean, like a s- set of like five. But in any case - I didn't mark those.
B : No. " Uh-huh
E : It'd be good to have that in the - in the conventions, what's to be used.
C : Huh-uh.
A : I - I did  notice that there were some segments that had pauses on the beginning and end. We should probably mark
A : Just say silence. No one's talking.
D : ye- s- Oh. Silence all around.  Yep.
B : We have to mark  those? Don't they - d- can't we just leave them unmarked?
E : Mm-hmm. Now that's refinement that, uh, maybe it could be handled by
B : automatic speaker detection turn placing things.
B : Because suddenly -
B : I mean, I don't know, actually it sounds like there might be a problem putting it into the software if the software only handles two parallel channels.
B : But assuming we can get around that somehow.
E : Mm-hmm. read  -
E : Uh-huh.
B : Right? I mean, the point is we're gonna generate this transcript with five - five tracks in it,
B : but with no words. Um, and if there are five - five people speaking at once,
A : the conventions that Jane has established,  script  that will convert from that convention to their saved convention.
B : Oh, yeah.
E : Which allows  five.
A : Right.
E : And it can be m- edited after the fact, can't it also? there  instead of doing it through this indirect route,
E : then i- they - a c- window comes up and it only allows you to enter two speakers.
D : five  speakers?
D : is  f-
A : specifying
A : multiple - any more than two.
D : preprocessing - uh, assuming it works.
E : And that  quick  anyway  worry  who the speaker was.
E : Oh, yes, I - I wanted to have -
E : for transcriptions, it's - i- it isn't just words coming out, it's like there's some
E : purpose for an utterance. And middle  but you wanna show that it's continued
E : at a later point. So I have - I have a convention of putting like a dash arrow
E : own  the  situation which is -
E : you know, which you - which you get  else's  utterance,
B : Mmm.
E : to indicate that it was continuation but it wasn't - Oh, I guess I did
E : equal  And then tilde arrow if it was a different -
B : Mmm.
A : Oh.
E : And that was like this person continued and you'd be able to look for the continuation.
B : But the only time
B : Like, if you - If you only have one person, if you only have one thought that's continuing across a particular time boundary, you just need
B : one arrow at each end, and if it's picked up by a different speaker, it's picked up by a different speaker.
B : The time it becomes ambiguous if you have
B : then you need to know whether they were swapped or not.
C : How often does that happen  do you think?
A : But I think for meetings it's probably alright.
C : Hmm.
A : uh, from my  point of view, where I just wanna do speech recognition and information retrieval, it doesn't really matter. But other people have other interests. So.
B : feel  really in there
B : because it seemed like there was  a difference. It's something you wanted to indicate that it - that I - this was the end of the phrase, this was the end of
B : that particular transcript, but it was continued later.
A : Right.
E : Well that's - you know, I mean - I - that's why I didn't the time.
B : No. But it's something @@  that I feel
B : we definitely ought  to do.
B : So I was doing it by typ- typing into a text file and trying to fit - It was horrible.
E : O_K.
E : O_K.
B : Is it  -
C : So - so if we hired a who- if we hired a whole bunch of Dan's -
D : That's right. a-
E : Yeah.
A : If we infinite
A : O_K, good.
E : O_K.
A : No.
B : great!
C : all of these things. I  know.
B : We could have like business-to-business E_commerce  well!
C : That's right. No, but I'm-
C : it would be interesting - it would be interesting to see -
A : Can we sell banner ads?
D : Get - get paid for click-throughs?
A : What a good idea, that's how we could pay for the transcription.
C : I - I want to introduce the word "snot-head" into the conversation at this point.
B : We can have -
D : You wanna word that won't be recognized?
C : Exactly.
A : Hey, what about me?
E : You're  issue.
C : No. Alright, see here's - here's - here's my thought  behind it which is that,
C : I gu- one has to, indicate,
C : um, i- is very interesting,  and
E : Cuz - cuz what I have is a soft link to my transcription
B : we can do it all!
B : Oh.
B : We could actually - maybe  we could use the T_C_L plug-in.
B : Oh, man.
E : Ooo!
D : But he does such a good job  of it. He should be allowed to - to, you know,
E : I know, I know.
D : w- do  it.
B : I know,  Right.  But I should be allowed to but -
D : no- nobody would want you to do it.
B : I sh- I shouldn't  be allowed to by m- by my own -
B : by my - according to my own priorities.
E : Ah!
C : Right, so we can add in links and stuff like that to other things. The -
E : Nice.
A : Try - try to s- consolidate. I mean, who wants to do  No
E : Yeah.
B : Right, that's  the problem.
D : No one what?
A : Yeah, I own the project but I don't wanna do it.
B : No one wants  to own the project.
D : W- well Do - But -
A : It's mine! All mine!
A : "Wah-hah-hah-hah-hah-hah."
A : legible, and pleasant to read, and up to date, and et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
D : But, is it against the law to actually use a tool  easier?
A : It's obviously  not true.
D : likes.  looked  at.
E : Which one do you use Jim?
A : I think both.
A : Mostly  in house.
D : until -
C : Right. Internal  project.
A : O_K, well, send me links and I wi- send me pointers,
B : O_K. I'm not sure how - how
B : we don't have to worry about releasing".
D : Cuz you're gonna have to wor-  do the work sooner or later.
A : Yep.
D : @@  d- we - we out of tape - out of disk?
B : No, we're doing - we're doing great.
D : I - I was looking for the actual box I plan to use, uh, but I -
D : c- all I could - I couldn't find it at the local store. But this is
A : Yeah, does  everyone know about the lip on the table? It's great.
D : the - the - the lip,  yeah. There's a lip in these tables.
E : Nice.
A : Clink! Clink!
D : this  this  projector  so we can put these on the table, and sort of
D : w- push them
E : And th- "that" being a diagram.
D : That - that's the six tables that we're looking at. These six tables here,
D : with - with little boxes sort of, uh, in the middle here. Which es- would -
D : I mean, the - the boxes are pretty much out of the way anyway. I'll- I'll show you the - at .
B : You trying
A : Yes.  is.  Absolutely.
D : Well why not?  happen.
D : You got plenty of data.
D : and you- So this is the box's -
B : Yeah.
E : Yeah, let - let the record show that this is exhibit two B_.
D : That's right. Yeah, yeah.
A : Yeah.
D : Uh, the box, uh - there's a half inch lip here. The box is an inch thick so it hangs down a half an inch. And so the - the two
D : head set jacks would be in the front and then the little L_E_D to indicate that that box is live.
D : important  eight  total,  which would be sixteen channels.
D : And, uh, even though we have sixteen channels back at the
D : capture, they're not all gonna be used for this.
B : Hmm.
D : for this
D : Excuse me. you'd like a - a way to tell whether your box is live, so the L_E_D wouldn't be on. So if you're plugged in it doesn't work and the L_E_D is off that's -
D : that's a tip off. And then the, uh -
E : That's good.
D : and taking them away would somehow have to be turned into leaving them on the table or - or -
A : Right. Well, we wanna  do that definitely. So.
D : you - we just epoxy them down or something.
D : wires into that's sort of shaped like that cross section.
D : Yeah.
E : That looks like a semi-circle.
B : It's like a - it's a sleeping policeman.
E : Sleeping pol-
A : Whoo! Speed-
E : That's
D : Yeah, it's like a speed bum- An-
A : A "sleeping policeman"! Cool.
C : What does that mean?  Is it a speed bump?
E : Oh, is that right? I never heard that. Ah!
C : Wow.
A : That's really cruel.
D : So it would c- basically go on the diagonal here.
D : Because they're there.
B : Oh, because then you don't have to just have one  each. So that if t- if you have two people sitting next to each other they can actually go into the same box.
A : O_K.
E : Mm-hmm.
D : Dot, dot, dot.
D : And certainly  could  do a thing where all sixteen were plugged in.
B : Only if you had - Well it depends on this  box, right?
D : Oh, true enough. And actually, at the m- my plan  This - this box -
D : Thi- thi- thi- this box is a one off deal. Uh.
D : Well I w- I- I- the simplest  really,  really  in.
D : And  there's a - there's a plug on the end of each of these - these, uh, ei-
E : O_K.
D : eight cables. An- and there's only - there's only four slots that are -
D : you know, in - in the first version or the version we're planning to - to build. So
D : Now the - the - the subtle issue here is that - tha- I - I haven't really figured out a solution for this. So, we- it'll have to be convention.
D : this  else?  not  being powered. So -
D : will  be a certain amount of looking at cables has to be done if people, uh, rewire things. But.
B : But uh  that  you know, there's an extra - there's a mix out on the radio receiver?
B : not  and  recording the mix.
B : But I subtracted  did  @@ . Yeah.
A : You g-
A : And did it work?  Did it sound good?
D : Ain't science wonderful?
D : So -
D : number of connectors in the cable and the -
D : powering system. And I -
D : the  neighborhood of a week to get the circuit board done.
A : Mm-hmm. So I think the other  thing I'd like to do is, do something about the set up so that it's a little more presentable and organized.
D : design  the cabinet.
D : In other words, to figure out ex- exactly what the right thing is. That cabinet can - can go away. We can use that for - for uh kindling or something.
D : form  factor is. Dan- Dan and I have sort of gone around on this, and we were thinking about something that opened up in the top
D : mixer  for example.
A : Mm-hmm.
D : if- if you stuck the mixer up here
D : the - the - you can - you can start - start s- sketching it out, and I can certainly build it out of oak no problem, would it - you know, arb- you know, arbitrarily amount of -
A : I need a desk at home too, alright?
D : Well, the - as we found out with the - the thing that, uh, Jeff bought a long time ago to hold our stereo system
D : this  is something you buy.
D : I'm paid for.
D : is security.  I mean, we've been - been - been lax and lucky.
A : Lax.
D : Really  these  flat
B : Yeah.
A : I'm telling you, I'm just gonna cart one of them   away if they stay there much longer.
E : Wow.
D : Uh, let the record show at - uh
A : then the other  question is do we wanna try to do a user interface that's available out here?
D : Slipped - almost slipped it by Dan.
B : course  we do.
A : Or just something.
E : Oh.
A : And how do we want to do  that?
E : You mean like see - see meter readings, from - while sitting  here.
A : J- just so we see something.
D : How about
D : ACIRI's  doing.
D : Which is to say just
E : Oh.
B : Which we'll borrow from them, when we need it.
B : Oh, a- Applecard . Sure. Right. Yeah, you could use my machine.
C : Well -
B : I - or the -
A : I have an I_RAM  it.
D : N- no, I'm - I'm - I'm serious.  Does - does the wireless thing work on your -
B : It's going next door.
D : I - I - I ain't joking here. I'm serious, that - that - it - it -
D : It's right there. the  -
A : Right.
D : how tough can that  web  access, isn't it?
B : W- we don't need X_  access but I mean that's fine. That's - that's what it does, yeah.
B : So -
B : With a - with a - with a - w- 1x
D : @@  - my - my proposal is you have a laptop. You don't?
D : If - if we bought you the thing would you mind using  it with i- the - the -
B : No, I would love  but I'm not sure if my laptop is compatible with the
A : To Mac.
D : Your new  one?
B : Well Apple has their own  thing, right?
D : I - e-
B : Yeah, I'm sure. I imagine there is.
B : But - uh- anyway
B : if w- if it doesn't - we should be able to find a machine that does  that.
B : I - I mean I know that doesn't - don't - don't the important people have those little blue VAIOs that -
D : Well, uh, b- that - to me that's a whole nother. That's a whole nother issue.
D : The - the idea of con- convincing them that we should use their network
D : i- is fairly straight forward. The idea of being able to walk into their office and say, "oh, can I borrow your machine for a while", is - is - is a non-starter.
D : So, I mean, either - either we figure out how to use a machine somebody already - in the group already owns,
D : advantage  disadvan-
D : buy  a machine
D : e- exactly for that purpose. Certainly it solves a lot of the problems with leaving a monitor out here all the time.
D : I - I - I - I'm - I'm not a big fan of doing things to the room that make the room
D : less attractive for other people,  way
D : and, so- a monitor sitting
D : Well, the next conference they will.
A : So.
A : But that does  mean - so we can use that as well.
D : Well, uh, the - certainly, u- you should give it a shot first See whether
D : you- you can get compatible stuff.
D : Uh, ask them   hardware s-
D : Uh, the, uh - Tsk. sorts
D : And it's gonna be con- connected to the machine at the back.
D : could
D : "testing, one, two, three"!
C : But I mean, that's another - that's another possibility that, you know, solves  -
D : Yeah.
B : That's an end-
D : there in front  of you is really cool.
B : I think and uh, having - having it on wireless is - is the neatest   way - neatest way to do it.
D : As long as you d- as l- as long as you're not tempted to sit there and f- keep fiddling with the volume controls going, "can you talk a bit louder?"
A : I had actually earlier  asked if I could borrow one of the
A : P_C card.
A : Right, I mean, and if - and if his  doesn't work, as I said, we can use the P_C.
D : I - I trust  Steve Jobs.
D : Uh, y- yeah.  We - we need to
D : figure out what we want. Uh -
B : We'd - I think  -
D : Hey, what  lights  doing?
D : Cut the red wire, the red wire!
B : Um -
A : When people talk, it  - they go on and off.
B : This  -
B : So again, Washington wants to equip a system. Our  system, we spent ten thousand dollars on equipment not including the P_C.
B : these  -
D : And it - and the f- the five thousand for the wires, so if I'm gonna do - I have to do  -
B : Yeah, that's true but we haven't spent  that, right?
B : intellectual  part of these,
B : uh, we can just knock them out,  hundred  of them or something.
B : wireless  would  these  and it would cost -
B : And that's about - cuz you wouldn't even need the mixer  if you didn't have the - Oh th-
B : the P_Z_Ms. P_Z_Ms cost a lot.
B : But anyway you'd save, on the seven - seven or eight thousand for the - for the wireless system. So actually that
A : Good.
D : What?
D : Oh, I thought like if we talked softer the disk lasts longer.
A : Well, actually shorten  -
A : There's a speech compression program that works great on things like this, cuz if the dynamic range is low  it encodes it with fewer bits.
A : talking  dramatically.
A : if you talk quieter, the dynamic range is lower and it will compress better.
E : Oh.
E : Hmm.
D : It also helps if you talk in a monotone.
A : Probably.
D : Constant volume all the time.
E : And shorter  words.
C : Now, shorter words   wouldn't - would induce more dynamics, right? You want to have -
B : Yeah, but if the words are more predictable.
A : How about if you just go  " uh"?
E : That's
D : Uh.
A : How do you spell that?
E : I don't know.
D : Well it's a choice - if we get a choice, let's keep talking.
D : No, I'm  done.
C : I'm  done.
A : Are you done?
E : I'm  done, yeah.
A : I'm  done.
C : Dan  isn't but he's not gonna say anything.
D : But - you - you - you - there's a problem - a structural problem with this though. You really need an incentive at the end if you're gonna do digits again. Like, you know, candy bars or something, or -
D : or - or - or- or a little, uh - you know, toothbrushes like they give you at   the d- dentist.
B : Mmm!
A : This is Adam Janin on the wireless lapel, mike number one, transcript five thirty-one, five fifty.
D : Or both.
A : two
A : three O_ seven nine
A : four
A : five O_ three eight five two three
A : seven one zero
A : eight three two seven eight six -
A : Excuse me.
A : eight three two seven eight two six
A : nine four two nine one
A : O_ six two nine three
A : zero
A : one
A : two s- zero six six
A : four one six seven four seven eight
A : five five one
A : six eight two six five
A : seven seven eight
A : eight nine six five three
A : nine
A : O_
A : one two nine
A : two three seven eight six.
B : This is Dan Ellis, transcript five five one five seventy.
B : Three five nine three.
B : Four six.
B : five
B : Six.
B : Seven zero six nine six u- one six.
B : nine two zero
B : O_ four five six
B : zero four two zero
B : Sorry.
B : Zero four zero two.
B : One eight O_ seven O_.
B : Two.
B : Three O_.
B : Four.
B : Six one two zero seven eight one.
B : Seven one O_ one four.
B : Eight four O_ one six three six.
B : Nine seven three seven zero.
B : O_
B : zero.
B : One zero zero one three.
B : Three six nine seven nine.
E : five O_ six four four
E : seven one six O_ four eight one
E : eight four three six zero
E : nine seven eight three
E : O_
E : zero
E : O_ one O_ -
E : Darn it. Uh.
E : one O_ one one two nine six
E : two zero zero four five
E : four one one four nine
E : five three four
E : six four nine three zero
E : seven nine one eight
E : eight seven six zero
E : nine
E : O_ O_
E : one two eight
E : two three four one one
E : three six five three
E : four nine nine four five five zero
E : five.
C : uh, reading transcript five ninety-one to six ten.
C : Five three three seven zero seven seven.
C : Six four two.
C : Seven six one nine one.
C : Eight nine five O_ nine.
C : Nine.
C : O_ O_ seven.
C : Zero.
C : Two two.
C : Three five.
C : Four four three O_.
C : Five eight zero.
C : Six.
C : Seven.
C : Eight.
C : O_ one eight.
C : Zero three five seven.
C : One six nine six two eight nine.
C : Two four zero two.
C : Three.
C : Four O_ seven six.
D : four one
D : five four five
D : six six
D : seven
D : eight
D : nine zero one eight
D : zero two six five
D : one four six three nine
D : two five two
D : three nine four three zero zero eight
D : four
D : five
D : six zero five zero eight
D : eight four
D : nine four two three
D : O_ seven three four
D : zero nine three two
D : one nine three
D : two
D : three.
D : win.  mistakes.
A : It's harder  at the end than at the beginning.
E : We don't know  sure,
A : It's - it's only a hard time for the transcriber  Me.
E : I also think you said channel four and I think you meant microphone  four.
E : And I think that's a mistake.
D : Very good. So Eric, you win. But the other thing is that there's a - there's a colon for transcripts.
D : And there shouldn't  be a colon.
D : Because see, everything else is stuff you fill in.
B : Yeah, that's been filled in for  you.
D : Right? Automatically. But real-
B : But they're in order! They start, six, seven, eight, nine, zero, one, two, three, four, five, six, eight, nine.
D : Where'd they come  from?
E : Oh.
B : And they're in order because they're sorted lexically by the file names, which are - have the numbers in digits.
B : And so they're actually - this is like all the - all utterances that were generated by speaker M_P_J or something. And then within M_P_J they're sorted by what he actually said.
E : Oh.
A : Ugh! randomized  it.
E : Wow.
B : It doesn't matter!  It's like - Cuz you said "six, seven, eight".
D : Well, we think  it doesn't matter.
D : real  question I have is that, why bother with these? Why don't you just ask people to repeat numbers they already know?
B : We think  it doesn't matter. If I - if not I -
D : Like phone numbers, you know, social security numbers.
E : Social security numbers.
D : Credit card numbers, yeah.
A : We don't have to tran- Yeah, please
B : great
D : say
A : Bet we could do  it.
D : You know pe-
E : Password to your account. Go on.
D : people off the street. This  -
E : I was - I - the reason I made my mistake was - Wa- was this - ?
B : There were no - there were no direct driver errors, by the look of it, which is  good.
A : Great. Thank you all.
E : O_K.
D : Mony  on the mike.
