A : Yeah, I do it
D : Or, I like it, also, like this.
D : So you see the  -
E : I just tried  head is too big.
A : My head's too big, also. It's too ba-
F : And there is  a problem that you can hear it come and go,
F : you drift away from the microphone.
B : O_K
B : so let's uh
B : Let's discuss agenda items. What did we have?
B : uh You - you were
D : I have a couple things about speaker form -
B : announce some things
B : uh, there's
B : status on on the uh
B : transcription
B : discussion which will take us about thirty seconds
B : and then uh Jose
B : uh
B : He has this and I think we can have some -
B : I was just  glancing through it, so I think we
B : have something to discuss about.
B : we'll see what happens
B : Anything else going on? No. O_K.
F : That's it.
B : Why don't we do it in that order? Go ahead.
D : I uh probably should have printed out more of these.
D : So, what I thought  was, it would be nice to have a single speaker form that you fill out once.
D : spoke with Jane a bit about how to specify
D : And I only did one copy which was really stupid of me.
D : So I'll just sort of say  what it's on and then I can hand it around.
D : So the top of it is
D : and then also just to have a separate  contact from the consent form.
D : And we could do  profession, but
D : it's so  uniform
D : was actually the education level.
D : At least that would get at some  idea of their background. So I have a -
F : Well -
D : So that what I have is
F : Categories.
D : five things that you can circle,
D : So I think the problem  visitors,
D : who are
D : and
B : How fine a resolution do you need  on that
B : I mean
B : maybe not so much.
F : Oh is useful.
A : and people can fill in their own you know,
A : "Post-doc" or "visitor" or whatever.
C : @@
D : um, I think the same as the problem of profession.
D : I don't  asking  the education level, I th-
D : At least I  don't feel like there is.
D : I think the only question  categories  should there be.
F : Yeah.
F : Uh - did - are - were you suggesting that it should be more  fine grained than this?
B : No, no. Less.
F : Less?  What would you suggest as a - as a change?
F : um, well having been a grad student as, yeah,
F : a-  as others here,
F : in terms of like the status.
F : I mean , I mean you notice it in various ways, like
F : simply trying to meet with a professor during office hours.
F : You know, in - in my department it was always the case grad students had a huge
F : uh c- uh
F : and um
F : maybe less assertive of their own views and things like that.
F : I don't have  a lot of undergrads,
F : unless we branch out to different types of meetings, but -
F : This is the dimension.
F : One  one  dimension.
D : Is I did not  want to have to, you know come down and quiz each person and have a
D : being the one who's filling out the answers. I want it to be self-evaluating.  You
F : wh- exactly what level of professorship, and -
E : Well, sounds  know  something kind of like that. You need to know sort of
D : So, we'll -
F : Well, I  agree  with him, though. I - Yeah.
E : But - but - but it's gonna depend  on who's -
D : And this particular  form -
D : I know.  particular  form
D : is dependent only on the speaker, not on the meeting.
D : You could imagine then having another  form
D : that you might want to do during  a meeting
D : But then  meeting.
D : So, what I like  this  information is you give it to them once,
D : and they fill it out once,
D : and - and then you have  information.
F : the separate D_T_ Ds  would handle
E : from the meeting independent form useless  because -
D : Not  all.  I mean, the fact that
E : But, that will depend  meeting's  about,
D : Well, absolutely!
C : @@
D : But - but you want  information.
C : Yeah.
D : how are you gonna do anything?
E : I guess I'm wondering how  conclusion
E : based  on that,
F : Where'd  -
E : if you don't  know about the meeting?
F : Well, you know, we're - we're talking at - at a general level of description. You can always  get more specific.
E : I  know.  I'm just -
E : That's why I was wondering about if you can put something about the d-
A : @@  -
A : except the one
A : I'm not a professor I'm not a -
D : and  -
A : then  great.
A : for - for that purpose and  -
F : Would we change "Post-doc" to
D : Or maybe Post-doc
A : and you're hanging around here, and you're not a professor
A : and you're not a post-doc, then that's like what we are
B : Um, this got very tricky in fact when we got involved with the Spanish  program
B : actually because
B : when you say "post-doc" it meant somebody who had just  gotten a P_H_D
B : But when we did the Spanish  call,
B : their
C : Yeah. Yeah.
B : so
A : what-  if there's one more category that's sort of
B : I think it's going to be so  clouded by everything else - Someone who's
B : just  gotten their P_H_D
B : What's "Other"?
D : Instead of -
D : instead of -
D : instead of Professor  Post-doc?
A : I think professors  care.
B : So, I'm te- I'm tending to push toward simpler even though I know that more  detailed means
B : more in - in this area
B : I - uh - The - the - the thing
B : uh
B : uh, may  once
B : even though lot  of data that has
B : uh, many  meetings with the same people.
D : Well, the whole  doing  so  reverse.
B : That's what we've done so far.
D : I guess we could have another type of form  for
F : So.
B : What I imagine once we've collected a lot  of data,
B : and another chunk of it will be people - random  meetings that we got with
F : Mm-hmm.
F : Mm-hmm.
F : Mm-hmm.
B : from different people  and I think it's use- We've talked about this before, it's useful to have both kinds of data.
D : Well I think that if - if we're planning  to do that,
D : You know, a single  form that's the consent form
E : like  the idea of putting down the -
E : the status  information because I think you probably can get a lot of
F : Mm-hmm.
E : interest- there can be a lot of interesting research  on that.
E : could we add  form  each  meeting
D : This is a topic I want to bring up after  I get through this.
D : So, that - that - that's another  form that I want to discuss.
E : Well -
E : maybe, you know how you were taking information off  of the digits and putting it onto that? Could we
D : So, let's finish with the speaker  form -
D : speaker form and then we'll get over o- get over to that one.
D : O_K?
D : Because I think a lot of people are sensitive  down.
F : Yeah.
D : Uh, sure.  But if someone doesn't want to write it down I don't want them to say you can't record me -
A : yeah, so we ca- we have these age ranges or something?
F : they -
F : they - the researchers themselves  estimate the age afterw- after the fact. So they say, you know, uh
F : you know fifties or sixties, and they -
F : and they just - they estimate for  the person
D : again means I  sitting  form  do  this.
F : And it isn't - it isn't that  boldf-
D : And having a little instruction  sheet and say
F : And it's - and it isn't  prominent.  It's - you know his "Optional" is not really boldface, but -
C : Yeah.
F : Please, please!
F : Actually,  "approximate"?
B : O-
F : That's right.
D : Mm-hmm.
E : Yeah, not  given we will estimate.
B : The - the mean of the estimates from the
E : Yeah.
E : People -
D : maybe that's because no one here is sensitive about their age.
D : But, I would rather  lie.
A : O_K, in some sense  that
D : so that if they don't  put  it,
D : they leave it blank.
D : But if you put "Optional", won't they just leave it blank  rather than lie?
E : You know  lie  about it?
A : Well they might leave it blank if they didn't  care about their age being known
F : the reason, uh, one reason for putting "Optional" might be if
B : kinder
F : Yeah, I noticed, I was afraid you'd - I shouldn't say that.
F : "Oh well, but they're not trying to things."
D : I think it's better to put "Optional". I mean, that's why I put  it there, s- but
B : Then -
D : it seems like disagree.
F : I like
B : want to make you do it some different way than you want to do it. So.
F : O_K.
D : Well I didn't mark anything else as specifically  optional,
D : Um, and then the next  are two sections
D : indented separately. So, one's for native English speakers and one for non-native  English speakers.
D : O_K, so for the native  English speaker it asks for a variety of English
B : Now what was this thing that -
D : Yep.
D : that anyway,
D : to have to be standing over the person and asking  them
F : and so it's a self-assessment of what you  think your closest variety is of English. And then
F : "Where did you live during your, you know, childhood and adolescence?"
F : Yes. Mm-hmm. Although you know I mean a lot  of people there won't be, e- much
D : I mean, th- there's room on the form to put
F : Mm-hmm.
F : Mm-hmm.
F : Mm-hmm.
D : So the - the
D : the non-na- for the native English speakers we have Variety  of English and Region.
D : And that's it.
D : And then another  form later down which is
A : So what does Region mean
A : if I
D : Um, I don't think we can do that because it would be different for -
D : If you're American  English it would be region of the U_S.
D : That - that - so that's why I didn't have circle  forms. Because
E : Do you mean state, or do you mean more broad than the state level?
D : your own. And, as I said I don't really see a way of doing a circle
D : fill  in, because there would be -
D : But - but that would mean I would have to do - generate a different form
A : yeah maybe not  others,  because there aren't going to be enough
A : Every block of London has a different -
F : I haven't seen  what - what they did in TIMIT.
A : My Fair Lady's  -
F : O_K.
F : Well -
B : Right? So that's -
E : Yeah.
F : That's right.
F : Well that - you know that was the concept of having the region  thing, I -
F : It would be no problem to change  options  that  desirable.  Although for different
F : Well, that's true. I mean, Indian English I wouldn't know f-
A : I - I - there are huge  differences
F : what -
A : for the others but have English.
E : One - one good reason to use the TIMIT  ones is if anybody asks you
F : That is  kind of nice.
F : That  concept  of region.
E : Yeah. And then you could map  later,  if people wanted to.
F : It's just the wording  of it.
B : Right - yeah, they could say it different ways. They could say Cincinnati or they could say Midwest or -
A : that is  level   -
D : Well, there could be a circle  one.
A : It depends.
D : Right? So, you could say set  of circ- of six or seven circles -
A : Yeah, that - that's  good but if you - have it totally free-form
A : information than others and that's a waste  because you can only use
A : generally .
B : categories  are.
F : There is  problem.
A : It's easier for the person  but it's harder for the r- it
A : actually less  informative for us because you can't enforce
B : uh, so the idea again was, you know, you might wanna also  know if -
B : if they grew up in Germany or if they grew up -
B : and so you wanna -
B : The idea - the motivation I think for this being suggested before  was that it did cover a range of these cases that might
B : language was - was English but uh
E : Yeah, y- there is  actu - you made me think about another wrinkle
E : in this whole thing, which is that just asking them where they grew up
F : Yeah. number  speech patterns.
F : Well, we have this - We hafta - So. He hasn't given you the overview,
F : but you have, like, the Native  Non-native  category, and then you have
F : Other Language Influences, for example bilingual dialects, th- things like that.
F : Now there's this issue  of
F : not wa- like you're  saying,
F : you don't want the forms to be hugely complicated and take half the meeting  to complete.
F : it's trying to - e- there's this - trying to - trying to hold this balance  needed  and
F : uh, you know, not taking too much meeting  balance,  uh, um this - this issue of not being too intrusive,
A : If we release  this corpus, what do we want, I mean
A : if you do this free form um the free form solution where some questions are very open-ended
F : we need to remember  that we have -
F : First  not  free  are  specifically
F : And in terms of the contact  knowing  most of the people who
F : find it - We can resolve  certain issues later, if -
A : I mean, I guess what you really  want, is if
A : there's some  information you wanna know - So we want some rough idea of their dialect, basically.
F : That's  it.
F : Isn't it - I mean, I think
F : we're going a little  circle,
F : because I like  the TIMIT suggestion very much,
F : we could have um the TIMIT categories for the American,
F : and - and then make the choice or not,
F : doesn't  me.
F : I don't know if Adam has - has a preference,
B : But - but -
F : but we could have you know, a sub- a sub-categorization for American,
B : Chuck used, uh which was
F : It's a good idea.
D : Depends of who you ask,  what the age range is.
A : Well, in the home,  home  is much lower age than that, I mean once you go beyond the age five or six
A : the school influence as well and
F : And the peers.
A : and yeah, so In the home it's sort of your phonetic first level,
F : That's one
A : um a -
F : It's - that's not  problem  though, I mean.
F : That would be a good  question  to ask, and then you could add a question. You know,
F : You know.
F : Specify the age  range.
D : And so, what it's trying to get at is what you think you speak.  Now, I think that
D : the point is well taken  wrong  about what they think they speak.
D : But, other than having a trained linguist
D : interview them questions,  around  it.
D : Because as you said,  parents  good  they were at it and how long they spoke it,
D : and now  preschool  list  first  friends  speak -"
E : Sort of like as soon as you get to the cases on the edge, the complexity just shoots up.
D : So I want to try  form
D : at the beginning  meeting  without taking f- uh forty-five minutes.
F : and then we - like I said, we have the enviable benefit of knowing  most of these people.
F : and being able to ask them follow-ups  if we need to.
F : That's  true.
F : That's  true.
D : So I think that adding the - the TIMIT
D : categories  is a good idea, because that's very easy for a person to fill out.
D : But I think we still  have this problem of
D : is it gonna be a self-evaluation?
D : "what was it when you were four  six  years old, or what wher-" w-
E : Well, you know the other  too,  is that
E : native language  analysis  or something.
B : And somebody might.
F : I  was thinking of it as -
F : the language model issue, which
F : and I guess  inductively,
A : I remember looking really  carefully at -
A : They  have information sort of like TIMIT I don't know it's - how well they categorized,
A : You know, Texas  was definitely out on -
A : other than that
E : at the moment they m- recordings were made? Is that why?
A : geared  towards trying to get people's self-evaluation of their
F : But you have a lot of stratification  in -
A : and you know, for instance, you know, Minnesota Midwest is totally different than Michigan Midwest which is totally - type people, so
F : any  region.
E : So, then we probably don't need  the fine-grained information.
D : Then maybe we shouldn't - just shouldn't ask.
A : Well, I think we do  need to make sure about the f- the non-native accents because those are, you know -
D : Well, maybe for the native English  ask  unreliable.
A : I think we should,
E : It can't  only.
D : The other thing also is that I'm asking for the variety of English, and I did  just put American, British, Indian and other.
A : But Other is there, and people will fill that out. They'll see by example. Yeah that's - I think that's fine, they'll say oh, I'm not one of these, I'm
D : I thought
A : necessary and it's not going to solve this problem.
F : the third  category was designed to do,
F : because - I mean, you have a bunch of different types of accents in New  York
F : You know. Native-speaking New  social  ethnic  identifications and their -
F : You know. There are lots  of things that are
F : very  identifiable as
F : we wanted to
F : and then allow people to self-identify if there are other  specific things,
F : and then in addition,  regions
F : with some  sort of
F : time  frame for the re- region because I think that if you live
F : in Massachusetts now versus
F : you know, in childhood and as- adolescence  -
F : if - if you - You know. So, region  time  frame is what I would suggest.
F : "Where did you live?" I mean. What you  said.
F : now ", say.
F : It's a little bit unbounded.
B : um
B : so are  you suggesting that you put something in about childhood
B : in there.
F : of what age is relevant  for the formation of your speech patterns, whatever they are.
B : Well you could distinguish between pre-five and five t- five to twelve, right? So depending on what someone's interest was in the formation of the phonetic kinds of categories or whether - or whether you're talking more about their
F : And -
F : Oh, that's  interesting.
B : uh
B : so
B : "where did you live before you were five?", "where did you live after you were five?", I  don't know.
F : Oh that's interesting.
A : pretty much, I mean, most people will know  whether they have a southern
A : um, but they may have lived
A : you know, in other places, too. So if we ask the question about dialect regions, it makes no
D : Right, the way - the way the form reads now,  clear  cuz it says "Native English speakers, Variety of English, American, British, Indian, Other, Region".
D : And then we'll have Southern  English, you know, whatever -
D : i- if you look at this fr-
A : Or you could say to somebody, how  do you define your - your - the accent
A : and that therefore they're - I mean, nowadays anybody
A : from California native Californian accent, so.
F : Yeah.
F : O_K.
F : I don't think it was ever  now,  because
D : Right, so I - it seems to me that if you read this form,
D : i- w- it's pretty obvious that it's a subcategory of the language
D : not  live.  anything  about where you live
D : on the form.
D : So it's just in the section  talking about language.
B : and see - see what kind of responses we get from people. Anyway.
D : place for them to do.
F : That's  unusual
D : And then the bottom  of the form is for -
D : not  them  us  to fill out,
F : It's very  efficient.
D : Yeah, I guess I'll fiddle around yet  again with the language stuff.
E : I  don't think you really have to do all that much.
F : Well, you -
A : you're not getting great  asking  and -
F : Well, y- you didn't really talk  non-English  speaker categories.
F : Because it used to be that Germans would learn British  English, and now I think there's, you know, is a certain percentage of them who -
F : @@
D : Proficiency.  That's a good idea.
B : No, no. I wasn't thinking political at all.  I was just saying, looking at
B : applications of people over the years for post-docs here. They're r-
D : important  for them to be good at it. So, don't -
D : So, but no, I think proficiency is actually a good thing to have  on this sort of form.
A : Maybe we - maybe we shouldn't ask  it, I don't know.
F : Well,
F : I'd - I'd have to - I - I'd wanna relate it back to training.  study  English", or,
B : Good, Bad.
F : country before". But it seems like that's so  -
B : uh in -
A : Something - wha- what do you  think, what's it - I mean -
C : @@
F : Yeah, I like  that.
F : I  like  that.
F : a good indicator. And there are people who ever  superb.  However,
E : And then there will be people who country,  language.
F : some people who just don't change  much in their -
D : Right? It seems to be that asking  proficiency,  even if it's self-rated,
D : is  what we wanna know.
F : Except  biasing  should be a little bit less confident, and then you have,
D : With that
B : Yeah. Oh, there's another  form.
D : Keep going more form  -
D : Uh, the other form is a modified digits  form.
D : and it's pretty sim- this one's pretty simple, it's - it's very much what like the digits forms in front of us, except it doesn't ha- ask for sex or native language.
F : Why do we need that  email  address, for example?
D : So
D : We could drop  email. I mean that's not a big deal, it's just uh -
F : Well, it's an - it's an interesting identifier,  I -
D : but I hate  it when people do that to me, when they say, here's you I_D, don't forget it.
B : Oh yeah, that's  Thanks
D : So, I - I wanted just something  hint
A : How about their birthday? I don't know.
A : I mean, not - not the year not the year but just their birthday.
F : It's the age question again.
B : Oh, I see. Then, you don't hafta ask the age.
B : Yeah.
D : mother's maiden name
F : Yeah, that's right. And a bank  where you frequent.
E : PIN.
A : They  -
B : Social - social security  number.
F : Yeah.
F : I  like  that.
D : Um, and then the other thing I was thinking  about
D : and it probably wouldn't be on the digits  form, but it - it is something that
D : some  about  the individual meeting.
D : Now, the problem I have  with that is I don't know who would be filling it out.
F : Well, that  I think, someone internal to the meeting could do after the fact.
F : And this would - and - and we discussed this, this is with reference to like the D_T_D,
F : is the student  of the professor who
D : Just to pick up an arbitrary an example.
F : you know, the - the - um, best way to move house,
D : So th- so the sorts of questions I  had were one
D : Who's gonna fill it out, and who's gonna take responsibility  for filling it out
D : require  it.
F : transcripts after they've been produced by -
F : by I_B_M,
F : At that  lot  of time enumerating all the different relationships that people have.
D : And that was my other question, which is
D : what  record?  pairwise  easy.
D : Are there other  sorts of things that might - we might want to record?
F : Without  exhaustive,  by any means,
F : that knowing their relationship will clarify it,
F : or if there's a certain dynamic that comes up -
D : mapping meetings concept is that's another way of looking  at -
F : Interesting.
D : looking  at it. So,
F : Oh, well yeah,  football  league, or -
F : or chess  club, or -
A : you should  always  to attach some
D : Yes, shirt   - certainly.
D : I've been thi- I - it seems to be that there is  -
D : We could attach more structure if we wanted to. Especially because a lot  of these relationships are pairwise power relationships.
B : I mean
B : this is something one would try to infer,  but how do - how would you
D : Um, just as an example,  it would be, "Source, Adam Janin", "Destination, Morgan", "Relationship, Advisor".
D : that are relevant.
A : but there are a lot of gray areas, where
B : yeah.
F : the idea was  that this would be meeting specific.
F : That's  true.
F : That's  true.
B : today,  for instance, this is the second meeting recorded today.
B : And then it would come back to me with saying "well, you know, you showed me that  this  in the future,"
B : And um
B : right? You're - you're - you're actually leading the meeting for the most part, most  of this meeting, so it's -
D : Well, it's just cuz it's my turn.
B : So
B : Uh
A : I think this one needs to be open-ended, completely  open-ended, and
A : the only concern I  wanna  be able to say and we can't put it in that field.
F : @@
F : You're  the expert on the D_T_Ds,
D : But what I - what I was thinking uh -
D : the reason that I didn't  completely  does  is  structure  which is common.
D : Especially with these pairwise  tool
D : that used  that information.
A : and those'll probably occur - I mean, to us, we'll think of a few of them, some other researcher will think of
D : Right
D : Well I think -
F : Well -
D : So you're football  league was a good one.
D : So the ones  I've  been thinking of are all sort of
F : And so, you know, in discourse
F : @@
F : the role.
F : You have - you have a role  in relationships and it has to do with your negotiating your -
F : how you're perceived and how y- and how the other @@  -
F : You know, and so there are various  negotiate.
F : And might  loose  way, but
F : you could just grep for "role"
F : you know, some - some particular value.
B : So it sounds like having the facility is great, and then over a period of time as the research happens on this we might develop some of these categories that would be
D : Some more.
F : Interesting.  Good.
F : And systematize  encoding  of it if - as we find some are useful and some are not so useful.
E : Will somebody go back and fill that in,  have  it, or -
D : Well, I think  lot  won't  anyway.
D : So really  place  wants  add  it.
B : are recorded with roughly this
B : a fair minority with the group that we have in the morning,  not  a lot of people. We could easily - There's just a couple other meetings that
D : We can regenerate a lot  of this information.
D : Even  can't,
D : that this information was not  collected for this meeting.
D : And there's just not gonna be a way around  that.
D : That's just gonna happen
D : like the N_S_ A  meeting,
D : networks  meeting.
D : I don't think they're gonna want to fill out  that information.
C : O_K.
B : do some more time on - on Jose's stuff later, um uh Status of Transcription,
B : C_D-ROMs and you got some response from -
D : They haven't received  them yet,
D : but I did  response  from them saying
D : transferred the responsibility to someone else. I can't remember his name
B : McCoond
D : McCoond ?
D : Something  like that, but uh -
D : So tomorrow  should  be getting it today.
D : Actually he should have gotten   yesterday.  But.
B : um, and I think we should just sort of look at this thing from you, off-line Jose cuz it's getting kind of late but I mean I think the bottom line just glancing through it is that there's - there's a lot  of overlap,
B : in just energy  else.
B : I mean, that's sort of - right?
C : O_K.
E : that uh the -
E : the supposed lub- no, the supposed bug  that was -
E : that we were - We were guessing you had a bug before because you went through and you concatenated all of these things together -
C : and I repeated the experiments eh and here, eh you can find the new results
C : eh
B : O_K, so this is post bug fix. Good, O_K.
B : that uh
B : some kind of normalization and we might think about what different kinds of normalizations are possible.
B : And the other thing is that, if that isn't  @@  uh so much of the issue, then probably -
B : I mean, residual L_P_C energy and just plain energy are very closely related,  different  and um so
B : um may  some
C : Another side.
B : Excuse me?
C : You mean that eh you ehm mmm -
B : I- if you have two - if you have two - if you have
C : in the co- in the context.
B : uh and
B : uh during overlapped voice sections anyway.
B : it's also going to be a smaller fraction.  This is, you know, related to the harmonicity sort of thing.
B : temporal  of the pitch
B : there should  something  like a discontinuity there.
B : other  places where you'll have discontinuities in pitch and speech, but -
B : But it seems like energy - energy tells you something, but uh
B : if - unless this is a normalization problem, it looks from your results like there's so much overlap that isn't  addition  to it, at least.
B : O_K, so the question is - is - would some kind of normalization help.
B : um that - that there would be more of a distinction.
E : are - hmm, I'm just trying to remember  were,  overlap and single speakers by looking at the e- energy, like say, for example, the mean of the energy. Was that the idea? O_K.
C : The product of the  deviation is the vari- is the variance.
B : For each one, yeah.
D : And -
B : corresponding to that speaker,  if you
B : because that - that's gonna spread out these distributions really a lot, to not  do any kind of normalization, and so that - that could mask the effect somewhat.
E : so the um - just one more clarifying question - On the overlap category, is that
E : It doesn't include some of the other sounds? O_K.
D : O_K, so there is  some  already,  volume  equalized
A : That's what makes it seem difficult, because you're already left with
A : so that each person's hearable,  right? - so- sort of equally loud, perceptually anyway.
F : What about  doing it with just the single channels?
C : Say
F : if you use the mixed  signal,
C : without normalization   -
D : Well, but the mixed signal already has  a normalization in it.
F : Exactly.  some  of this with the
F : single  channel
C : with the one- single channel. Now.
B : I have another  - another thought.
B : Um, this is - this is frame  energy, of course frame -
B : loudnesses.
B : maybe not even a second,  maybe a quarter of a second or something, so that you would typically have two or three basically syllable kind of length -
D : Or window it - hamming window.
B : Something,  yeah.
B : time,
B : and then you looked at the amount of energy in that.
B : and how does that  vary over these different cases.
A : or voiced  regions, I mean
B : or voiced regions.
A : I mean, is it known  whether something's voiced here, or is it roughly estimate - estimateable?
A : I mean like if one  isn't  and they're overlapping,
A : That's what  I just wondered.
B : I don't know,
B : because it's -
A : O_K.
C : @@
A : So if  could  some  of it,
A : and pi- and pitch for that matter.
B : But I think what will be easy for him to do would be to do this thing of looking over a large enough region of time.  time,  most  of the time you'll have some voiced -
B : a fair amount of voiced uh energy in  it.
D : It looked like fifty  percent or more are point two seconds or longer
F : That'll  standard deviation.
C : Here in the - yeah it - it's a new - new -
B : Are you using a pitch detector in this yet,  in your
B : do you have a - a pitch  detector
A : Well, it's the fifth  page, I guess.
D : Fifth  page.
D : Oh,  five  percent!
B : It doesn't.
B : it just finds the pi- it just finds the pitch even when it's unvoiced?
A : It has  tell  you.
B : It has  something,  right?
C : It's based   on uh a correlation
C : between frame the utterance
C : For most @@ .
B : for normalization you could do something like take
B : voiced sections and normalize to equalize the energy in that.
B : I'm just still going back to normalization, that even though it's roughly  normalized, uh, for overall gain, I think it
C : For b- for both, for eh the frame energy and eh residular  L_P_C eh energy
C : For both.
C : I test different normalization
C : What kind of normalization? I - I -
B : I mean, @@  this is something to - to experimentally determine, but I mean,
C : This is -
B : uh
B : Right? Then you're gonna end up
B : with uh a - a uh - a mean uh standard devia- deviation, and so forth. And then do your normalization based on that.
B : And once you do  that
B : just for voiced,  um
A : You can also look  at just the voiced regions
A : to the overlaps then if you - you know if you normalize  but you look everywhere at - at -
A : I mean assuming if it's true  that the overlap regions are sort of
F : I'm  wondering about
F : taking s- you know, maybe two extreme  speakers out of the mix and seeing if
F : if it's promising
F : that type of analysis. If you take like a target speaker, and maybe
B : But - but I - I think that thing,
B : without  any special normalization at least, this is - there's a lot of overlap here.
B : coming back to Jose's question,  I mean there's still this issue of - of - of how much time - I mean -
B : that's - that's something to think about and experiment with.
A : So if you can find voiced regions and - You know, if  you have two speakers and they're both voicing
A : unless they have very similar, you know, pitch, you should be able to see the difference in harmonics pretty clearly
B : Right, so that's what we were talking about before  with harmo- with harmonicity measure. Yeah. So.
A : just by counting them, I mean have these islands of reliability where you're pretty sure.
D : the overlaps being fairly long,
D : that should  easier.
D : That r- that was an interesting  statistic.
A : and you could put an estimate - estimate, you know, a fuzzy  start and end
D : That they're much longer  than I expected.
D : Ninety  percent of them are over
D : two m- two  milliseconds.
A : Well, it's sort of good,  for - for your accuracy. Uh, Gives you a little more time to try to detect them.
D : It is  good, but it's uh -
D : but it surprised  me.
C : It's a problem to identify and to detect, too,
C : For example.
C : Uh
C : Eh, what - sorry.
C : What - what happened with the different contexts because eh you are talking about eh
C : of the window to - to consider normalization no?
C : Is eh in the - in the left context as in th- in the right context, considering eh the - these frames?
D : Two  hamming  window.
A : somethin- something  like that
C : you try to - to - to ass- n- n- to do an - a dated access
C : F_seek function doesn't work.
F : Ah, that's interesting, and it didn't give you good error  messages.
D : One of the problems, if the file is large,
D : um, and you're cast to the wrong type.
D : Right, if you're sending at - an  integer  long.
D : or long
D : or unsigned  long.
C : eh it's ehm
D : It's one  possibility.
C : Signed.
B : Yeah, cuz I think in - I mean, in general F_seek works,  so it's
C : a similar way and I haven't problem
B : Yeah.
C : but eh
B : Anyway, we're - we're missing snacks here, so uh - let's - let's - let's - let's do our - let's do our digits and - and uh
C : Oh, O_K. Sorry.
D : Uh, digit
D : five four
D : six eight nine zero seven eight six
D : seven six zero eight seven four zero
D : eight
D : nine
D : O_ O_ six three O_ three six
D : one four five four one
D : two one
D : three seven zero
D : four eight seven O_ nine O_ five
D : five
D : six
D : seven
D : nine three
D : O_ two six
D : zero three
D : one nine eight zero three
D : two
D : three
D : four
B : Transcript two two three one, two two five zero.
B : eight
B : nine
B : O_ O_
B : one five one
B : two five one four O_ O_ six
B : three eight one one six O_ one
B : four seven
B : five nine seven eight two
B : six O_ eight seven one O_ six
B : seven zero seven zero seven six five
B : nine three
B : O_ two six
B : zero six six two
B : one eight
B : two
B : three
B : four O_ four
B : six three eight
B : seven four seven
B : eight two four five
E : Transcript two two one one dash two two three zero.
E : seven zero two eight four
E : eight zero eight six seven one two
E : O_ one four
E : zero three zero five six eight zero
E : one seven zero eight
E : two seven eight nine two
E : three
E : four
E : five O_ nine
E : seven one one seven
E : eight two
E : nine seven six nine
E : O_
E : zero
E : one
E : two zero five -
E : two zero three five five six nine
E : four five eight zero
E : five three nine eight seven one five
E : six six six
E : seven seven two three four three nine
A : Transcript one nine five one one nine seven zero
A : eight
A : nine O_ eight
A : O_ O_
A : one three nine eight two seven five
A : two one eight one five five nine
A : three
A : four seven three one O_ five two
A : five O_ five one
A : six
A : seven
A : nine one seven
A : zero two seven
A : zero six
A : one nine
A : two
A : three
A : four zero seven two
A : six three two six
A : seven six eight
A : eight three O_ four four
C : Transcript one nine one one dash one nine three zero.
C : six
C : eight three seven four
C : nine three six zero four
C : O_ eight nine
C : zero five one
C : one nine nine seven four
C : two
C : three O_ four
C : five three eight four
C : six two seven two nine
C : seven three four O_
C : eight five s- five six nine four seven seven
C : nine
C : O_
C : zero zero one five two three zero
C : two three five one six
C : three four
C : four six two
C : five
C : six nine three
F : Transcript one eight nine one to one nine one zero.
F : six one two nine
F : seven eight five six four
F : eight four five seven O_ one O_
F : nine
F : O_ nine two
F : zero
F : one zero four eight two three two
F : three one one three zero
F : four three nine eight five one five
F : five eight three
F : six
F : seven
F : eight
F : nine zero seven four
F : zero two four six
F : one two
F : two four
F : three eight two
F : four
F : five
D : O_K, we are going off.
