G : Is this a virtual meeting, or - ?
H : Uh, they're partici-
H : O_ K.
H : O_K, thanks again.
D : O_K. Thank you, Adam. I will call you then when we are ready  that  sense.
H : O_K. Thanks.
D : Um I have couple of points we should discussed.
D : I believe, in the meantime it's a higher probability that I will  return,
D : I would like to say, earliest stage will be end of January,
D : so that means we have to get over six weeks and -
D : Then furthermore I would like  know  status  everybody.  I know for sure, O_K,
D : um Miguel,   have your plans
D : concerning your  work.
D : definitely clear,  in principle.
D : what are your  current plans and
D : What we  have discussed, in principle, concerning the ongoing process with U_ -
D : get the freedom
D : to launch   here the project in the sense in whatever kind of form
D : and get, in principle, paid
D : by another  Siemens.
D : So long  I will stay. I believe, a couple of months definitely
D : uh, to Germany
D : so that is my current opinion, concerning how Siemens deal with - with my, uh, ongoing effort.
D : And, furthermore, I would like to - First of all, thanks  to
D : uh Dietmar  because he started to use a
D : testbed.
D : Uh I will - So - so the first, uh
D : I  second  box,
D : and I'm looking for two other volunteers
D : who are setting the third  fourth  box.
D : A box is a C.
D : Equipped with - with - we should equipped it with - with Linux or maybe too with Free B_S_D, I doubt - I don't know
B : stop, - the first thing the most, eh, complicated is to fit them with the
D : And now we have an expert.
B : um
B : to - to put the removable hard disk in and - and it's -
B : but i- but it's not - not, um difficult or something like that.
D : I ju-
D : so I don't know
D : I know in the meantime it's running,  next  one.
B : So Wilbert  will set up the second computer.
C : I can build, eh, any computer uh you n-  - installing whatever.
D : No promises?
D : and even maybe to - to, uh P  stuff on it.
D : Ah, he's very hard to sell
B : So it's about one hour to put this, uh hard disk in and
B : a further hour to, uh - Well,
D : network  running  then.
D : Could we wait until the network is running?  Because currently it's not possible,
D : uh, based on certain fire  working  on that.
D : Nah, but nevertheless thanks to Dietmar that he @@ .
E : Did the networks have internet  connectivity?
D : Yes, we have, eh, for - for secure socket,
D : and, uh web  access,
D : And - But currently it's not working,  right?
B : Right, um
B : uh
B : got access   local  network here,
B : And, till Monday  there's no access at all to any machines,
D : uh
B : So, I think it's related to the work, um they've done on Sunday here and I sent -
E : all  the internet, r-
E : to outside.
E : Full.
D : internet outside  access,
D : but no telnet  and not R_login or whatever kind of things, you know.
E : A restricted  in.
E : Not.
E : Huh.
D : Yeah, F_T_P  yes.
D : But no telnet.
D : Uh because you can -
D : The - the - the point is that we will use it, as it is uh described several times, that we will use it as a local  network,  in principle,
D : from your P_C or your L_S  to this, uh - uh,
D : uh, to this testbed,  you know.
D : you download it, if that  s- must be possible from the network, but normally
D : for demonstrations or to figure out if you have a scenario where you have to use more  than,
D : cuz that is the primary, uh uh reason  for this testbed.
D : So, definitely  you have to have
D : He lot  of work and I could only
D : pass her  some advices and some discussions with her concerning the web pages.
D : And now we are, in principle,  project
D : area. But they're also some contributions from you  guys requested.
D : and the alumni   page, in principle, we have to,
D : you know ,
D : who are worth  to be
D : alumnis   alumnis,   yeah.
D : Is it  " alumni"
F : Aber das wird jetzt geaendert.
F : Das wird geaendert.
D : I think everybody  should
D : improved or if there's some comments   or
D : Uh because it is - you know, that's very  important
D : maybe now- not for us
D : potential successor as a group  leader
D : can hook in  with these things
D : these web  updated  every  necessary.  We tried to do it,
D : so that it must be at least  only  really  major changes happen.
D : So that means somebody's leaving  the group,
D : uh, somebody is joining  new  project is started,
D : And, so please
D : I have announced in the project  area
D : the major headlines.
D : And especially, Wilbert,  maybe you can write something
D : And something like that  my  stuff.
D : I would like to discuss it before,  but
D : It is not worth  now  because nobody raised it before.
C : Yeah, I  think so.
D : And, uh, so l- let us have a bilateral   afterwards.
D : I would - what I would like  to have is
D : your  here.
D : cuz it's a general  architecture, certain stages maybe to future
D : because that  never  happen,  from my point of view.
D : It should be started as the edge  device,
D : so that it cu- certain  mechanism,  whatever,
D : ingress  outgress  a- edge device,
D : because it will  be at the certain stage
D : I_P  networks
D : before its goal .
D : Fuel  these  boxes,
D : uh  because the mobility happens there
D : and the forwarding process and the routing  separated,  from my point of view.
D : And to have there  a certain kind of intelligent mechanism,
D : to set up the routes  because they have all the information.
D : They know  go  because I_P addresses are still there
D : and - within  the packet. I mean, how can this use,
D : to the more traditional  routing within the
D : internet backbone itself.
D : I'm not a e xpert  all  for this.
D : bilateral   afterwards.
D : So, one more time, everybody
D : headlines  project  proposal
D : the things what they have still  in mind
D : uh @@  know  @@  present the last major
B : The  pages are already on the web?
A : It is.
D : you can now access it normally with maybe W_W_W I_C_S_I Berkeley EDU,
A : So I tried to do this today
A : if you could do it afterwards  nice  quite  sure that I can't find every,
C : One is - is the, uh, I think it's Joe's, uh, graphic,  I think it should be better.
D : You are definitely  right.
D : It was  in a good shape, but
C : No, it is just,  uh -
C : so it will get more natural.
A : come from the logo to the
C : To the home  page.
A : ICSI web p- home page
E : Newbies.
A : So, there  I have to add some information, I don't know, I t-
A : I tried  to set up everything by today
A : um
A : Yeah, so how - maybe how you  did it or
A : um
A : another point
D : Yeah, but nobody do  that, you know.
D : that's the point. We discussed  it still a couple of weeks or months ago.
D : Uh, the point is normally it is  an I_C_S_I task anyway.
D : @@
E : mmm, I  part,  restricted.
D : A-
D : And this is not  on the web, and the - the - the -
C : this could be on a starting  if - digest
A : I don't know, maybe I talk with Jane  about this. If we can
A : on the ICSI home page too.
E : M- move it on the normal ICSI,
E : I_C_S_I .
E : Maybe every group has somewhere hidden, uh
D : We can do  that.
E : deep
D : Yeah, but the point  responsible  for that.
E : Yeah, but eh - but my  networking  group
D : Uh, yes, I see  there your point.
D : That's right. But if  responsible  to
D : get up to date information. I believe, we are the group,
D : much more faster to join  leave  the group as other groups.
D : And, so, the most  problem
D : as - as of ,
D : uh, it's likely that uh, the people here in this  group needs this information
D : um, much more other  groups.
E : But that could still  be
E : applicable if you put it under the ICSI  responsibility  for that.
D : Yes, I see  th-
D : Yeah, but we - we can do  that.
E : So I think th- I think both arguments  are not an ar-
E : are arguments against having this under the normal I_C_S_I  page.
F : But the problem  is, are you allowed to change anything on the
F : So you may need just  main  ICSI page to the N_S_A page.
D : of the real UNIX  tree.
D : in compliance and in accordance
D : with the structure of the web  pages.
D : the group leader normally do not have access   web  pages.
D : He has access   A  pages.
D : but I think that's an administration  agrees  that the information
D : page must  be
D : on the general,  highest  level.
D : O_K, I have no problem  with that.
B : that we have access
A : Yeah, but this  is not a problem at all, I -
A : I mean, if y- you  know  that there is something changed with the health insurance, then you send Jane an email like "Could you please change this, blah-blah-blah."
D : You know
D : And - and that was a reason  decided
D : that we put it - information on the N_S_ A  ago   ago.
D : In our  directory.
D : Yeah, we can do that. We then  create a link and then we have to ask with Jane, O_K?
A : Yeah. Another  point is I want - I want to - would like to add
A : for instance the two workshops which have  going on,
D : Of course that is a living thing. I think it's a good idea,
D : not only that the workshop was a talk announce because they are still  announce it is a broader sense.
D : from the talks here, if it's worth  to have it on the web, anyway
D : um, should be published in that way that the people can access   it.
D : For instance  I have my U_S_A_I_A slides.
D : things and - is going on maybe you have some Multicast  slides concerning your work at I_G_M_P and
D : and if we have some talks from EXTERM ,
D : still a growing context  opportunity  for the people you know there,
D : "Oh, this guy did  something there,
D : that's - and I think it's a great idea  from Claudia to -
D : to have this event  page because
D : a big deal,
D : you know.
A : , it's easy to - to add it,
D : Nah, O_K. If there are no events, then there are  no events. But we still have a few which happened in the last year
D : Something in the center pipe .
B : Um, I don't know. Maybe it could be a good thing
B : if we have  such an event button
B : that there's a date,
B : when the last update  was.
D : Is it another thing we have to ?
A : Huh! O_K.
D : O_K you  Well.
D : "update event button".
D : So,
D : @@
D : contri- or will he consider  currently,
D : - it is worth  to know
D : and even if it's  nur unschl-
D : and if it's come to a real proposal,  in,
D : uh, one more time  because I need this information definitely t-
D : that it's worth  here.
D : And currently you see no chance,  as far as I know,
A : for me everything   has completely changed, so now I go back and I don't anything what to do,
A : back in Germany
D : ffft
A : No, no, no.
D : Ja
E : b- but I think even - also K_P_ N.
E : is lost for the, uh, for the I_C_S_ I.
E : nothing  is possible anymore, so.
E : Absolutely.
D : And, if  they are interested in
D : uh, a certain kind of project
D : to a certain kind of really service  end  product  thing
E : It will be different  thing.
E : a few  area,
E : but it's ou- outside of I_C_S_I.
D : After you will leave here that is .
D : Yeah, and then what do you intend to do in the last two months
E : uh an open source router.
D : This is that from  from Mark, right?
E : Right now I'm interested and I'm looking into it and I'm working  working  on it,
D : do you believe that you can finish  that until
E : I hope  so. I-
E : That would be cool.
D : little bit, time  constraint, right?
E : hard  work.
E : But I'm working  on it.
D : O_K, Mi- Miguel,
C : if, uh, there is some  interesting work, uh, going on, well I - I will
C : to do  some work from Spain too.
C : So, that's my future
D : and, uh, do you have some students  which could be join
C : Yeah.
D : I assume there is  a certain activity. Maybe i- if you will leave in July
C : uh, finished  their studies.
D : What they are doing  then?
D : I'm sorry .
D : Ach so,    ach so,
C : You - you have to - to pass the different tests  subjects.  And,
C : finished  with this, uh well -
C : you're not  supposed to do it.
C : for not doing other  things.
C : Ah yeah em nnn, not really.
C : there is.
C : it is not  a research work.
C : Usually it's an application  work.
C : So you build a web site, your own E_commerce site, uh,
D : Are certain tasks  and so?
C : we have, uh, other students are
C : they are starting as, uh, researchers,
C : aaa, but
C : uh, people working  with you. If you don't have,
C : you don't have anybody.
D : We're not talking  I.
D : I'm talking if there is  least  with the N_S_A group,
D : diplomas thesis, whatever  kind of thing
C : fo- redirect
C : let's say as a subject work  of something
C : that you can -
C : you can introduce some research topics too. So
C : because, eh, students are not  supposed to do
E : You can change
E : I think it's pretty healthy  to have a project, eh, where you have to write actually some part of research or.
C : Yeah, I think so  but,
C : on the subjects  because sometimes
C : subjects are fixed
E : O_K .
C : uh, give  any - any stuff you want.
C : to provide a certain - a certain prime
C : for the subject too,
C : is something  that can be changed.
D : Have you other things?
D : uh, the German government for research in the project so-called Invinet
D : absolutely freedom
D : and I would like to go on with the Q_S in advance mechanism
D : relation of U_S_A_I_A I also  have the
D : They have now a P_H_D. It is  settled,
D : is also going in that sense so the topic is still going - go- going on.
D : and when I will come back here,  I would like to use these things too to maybe come to a
D : um, outside of this goal, with contributions here from, uh
D : first of all from the N_S_A group and then from - from other  partners.
D : But this  ou- uh  discussed with my management
D : and this will happened,
D : and email exchange during that time
D : detail  these things
B : No, no, no, no, no.
B : yeah, funded   by an institution of the German government, so,
B : and I have to do research for them,  of course. I have to
B : time left I think to do some work on
B : at the moment it's quite difficult to find students, eh, who are doing their master's thesis and so on
B : because there are  not a lot of students, uh, which are in this state in Germany now,
B : joining in and, um
F : So, topic  then.
F : and after that I presumably going to a Siemens  gee-mens , but related to that
F : it's some of pre-stage to that, so it might be more
F : And progress,  on,
F : I would like to have it. Sorry.
F : but oder?
D : @@  this is.
F : write the paper about Quality of Serving routing.
F : So you have um distributed routing at the edges,
F : that the information is outdated,  know to  always have the
F : exact  information of your links, dates, and so on.
F : It what we have  plans of that.
F : look at some routing  policies,
D : Now as I see,  in principle, uh
D : fff
D : that's a really raw view .
D : M_P_L_S offers certain kind of success  of active routing, because
D : forwarding  pass is a little bit
D : decoupled  routing  and this was, in principle -
D : really  the subject but in a broader sense it could be seen
F : definition of Christian Tschudin,  M_P_L_S is a
F : active route-
F : So it's very - It's static? It's - No, active?
F : But it's sort  because they have these program
D : uh, data forwarding  pass
D : and update,  in principle, only the routing information
C : the - the - the same idea of labeling packets
D : Yeah, so what I mean is at a certain  degree,
D : yeah, that has to be figured out.
C : There's a connection point.
D : @@
D : I know, in the past it was always if I'm
D : not writing  happen.
D : So, I believe, Wilbert, you are going out  of these activity.
D : You have to use your time
D : you will not find any  time to contribute anymore to this
D : Then from Miguel's  side
D : We can do it, as I mentioned before, bilateral   afterwards,
C : Later.
D : beneficial   contribution to the activity
D : I  will write
D : long as I have time  here,
D : uh, on the proposal itself  and in the near-term future,
D : several  times,
D : one more time the professor, what is his name? Rao? or - ?
F : Landay?
D : because he's a professor in - uh, responsible for the infrastructure  at U_C_B and he has some projects
F : Landay.
D : I would c- c- name it cor-  intelligent classroom.
D : I don't know whether I can succeed to get an appointment  then
D : contact list and @@  the interests of each partner
D : and I say "Oh poo, currently I don't know."
D : The second question is how long I stay here and say ooo, I don't know",
D : everything must be just  settled a little bit more.
D : it's a pity
D : that Multicast is, in principle, removed
D : and we do not have any expert  from Multicast anymore.
D : Because that is a major @@ ,
D : and, um, but neverless we have to live  with this situation.
D : You are laughing, again?
D : So maybe we have to rewrite something, have new ideas going forward more in
D : uh
D : for the future telecommunication core  networks because
D : tunnel generations and all those kind of things
D : and I - I believe that would be very beneficial   to use it for the
D : really uh, mobile scenarios in - in that network,
C : Oh, not really,  you know,
D : Then we can extend  Multicast.
C : No,
C : O_K ,
C : nobody is - is knowledgeable  about multicasting but
C : address  future,
C : a new person  could address this.
C : uh, it - it makes  no sense to me
C : a meaning  itself
C : O_K ,
C : O_K .
C : Sorry.
D : no, no, because that's, uh, that's why I mentioned that it is important thing.
D : taking into  end  system,
D : Where it should be ada- @@  adaptation   performed
D : for ubiquitous   access to the network? Should it be in the end system itself?
D : new member.
D : work, I @@
D : quite sure
D : But he showed up the next day but only for administration stuff, but for the technical discussion he was here one day.
F : Several  days.
E : Yeah, I do remember  research
A : I just met him when I arrived.
D : @@
C : O_K .
D : Any other  question?
D : Any other  comment?
E : We have to do
D : Yes, we have to do it, so that means we have to read the transcript script
A : I don't know .
D : And I will call Herr Janin   @@ .
D : Transcript number is two O_ nine
D : two
D : three
D : four zero one one
D : six two five
D : seven two
D : eight six four one zero zero eight
D : nine eight six
D : O_
D : zero
D : one O_ three O_ five six nine
D : three one
D : four five seven eight
D : five three zero three two
D : six
D : seven nine
D : eight
D : nine O_ five five six three one
D : zero one zero five eight zero one
D : one four five one zero three zero four
D : two six four one
A : Transcript is, uh two three one one dash two three three O_.
A : one one
A : two six nine
A : three three
A : four nine
A : five
A : six
A : seven O_ one seven six
A : nine one zero six
A : O_ two nine
A : zero four three
A : one nine O_ three seven
A : two eight eight
A : three
A : five one six two zero
A : six five two seven zero zero eight
A : seven six four six seven
A : eight nine five
A : nine nine
A : O_
A : zero
C : Transcript two two nine one dash two three one
C : zero six eight eight zero
C : one seven zero zero two zero zero
C : two nine five
C : three
C : four
C : five O_ two five nine
C : seven five three one three O_ two
C : eight three fif- five six O_ four seven
C : nine six nine nine
C : O_ nine seven five three
C : zero
C : one
C : two O_ five
C : four three nine three eight
C : five five
C : six th- eight one two two zero seven
C : seven nine six
C : eight
C : nine
C : O_ O_ three
E : Transcript th- two two seven one
E : O_ seven
E : zero six five
E : one eight four three O_ seven five
E : two
E : three zero zero four
D : He's laughing all the time.
E : five two O_ nine four O_ O_
E : six two seven two
E : seven seven four five one
E : eight eight zero
E : nine
E : O_
E : zero zero five four
E : two one eight
E : three six O_ four O_
E : four eight six zero
E : five six two nine nine six nine
E : six
E : seven
E : eight
E : O_ six four
A : Oh, oh Wilbert
A : Oh, I'm so
E : No, it wasn't.
E : I - I - I saw it already standing
E : when I was here  so then I started laughing,
E : @@  oh, oh,
D : O_K, Michael please.
F : Transcript is two one three one two one five O_
F : four seven zero
F : five five
F : six
F : seven
F : eight zero two seven four
F : O_ two eight seven
F : zero seven
F : one three
F : two nine
F : three nine seven two zero
F : four
F : five
F : seven four one
F : eight four six zero
F : nine five three six nine eight O_
F : O_ nine five five four
F : zero
F : one
F : two O_ four six five
F : four one five two
B : O_K, transcript number is two one one one dash two one three O_.
B : three
B : four
B : five O_ O_ nine O_ four f- nine
B : six zero zero six six
B : eight three seven five O_ three three
B : nine seven O_ five
B : O_ seven
B : zero six zero zero zero
B : one
B : two
B : three
B : five three
B : six three six seven six
B : seven six four one O_ eight nine
B : eight
B : nine
B : O_
B : zero zero seven seven seven
B : two one O_ s- one seven
B : three four four nine seven
D : Adam?
