F : transcript one three one one dash one three three zero.
F : three two three
F : four seven six five
F : five three one six two four one
F : six seven
F : seven
F : eight
F : nine zero nine four zero zero three
F : zero one five eight
F : one seven three five three
F : two six eight zero
F : three six two four three zero seven
F : four
F : five zero six nine four
F : seven four
F : eight five seven
F : nine six one five
F : O_ seven eight O_ two
F : zero nine six zero four zero zero
F : one
F : two
D : I am reading transcript one three nine one one four one zero
D : six
D : seven
D : eight
D : nine O_ six nine eight
D : zero one three one nine
D : one six
D : two three seven
D : three
D : four
D : five
D : six
D : eight four seven
D : nine two zero seven five
D : O_ three six nine six
D : zero nine three one zero zero three
D : one
D : two O_
D : three zero nine seven
D : five two six seven nine eight three
D : six seven zero six
A : O_K I've got transcript one two seven one one two nine zero.
A : one seven one O_
A : two eight one two zero seven one
A : three
A : four
A : five zero nine six zero eight zero
A : seven three
A : eight six eight one three
A : nine three four zero three nine four
A : O_ four two
A : zero
A : one
A : two zero three eight two three two
A : four two eight one six
A : five three five eight three O_ eight
A : six five nine one zero seven six
A : seven six six two
A : eight seven
A : nine
A : O_ O_ five seven eight O_ four
A : one four one
B : Transcript number one two nine one dash one three one zero.
B : two three nine zero two
B : three eight one five two
B : four seven four six seven
B : five
B : six
B : seven zero
B : nine four
B : O_ one O_ O_
B : zero seven two six zero
B : one six zero four six four five
B : two
B : three
B : four zero seven two
B : six four four zero
B : seven four one eight eight
B : eight eight five six three
B : nine eight nine
B : O_
B : zero zero three nine
B : one
E : Transcript number one one seven one dash one one nine zero.
E : eight three four three five
E : nine four three nine
E : O_ three
E : zero nine six nine one
E : one
E : two O_ O_
E : three
E : five five six O_ eight
E : six three zero four zero one one
E : seven eight eight two
E : eight
E : nine eight five five
E : O_
E : zero zero
E : two one four
E : three six seven O_ two
E : four seven nine
E : five nine zero five seven three five
E : six seven six nine four six five
E : seven
C : O_K, this is Barry Chen and I am reading transcript
C : one three five one dash one three seven zero, um
C : four
C : five O_ seven eight nine two eight
C : seven one four eight nine
C : eight five nine three six
C : nine seven one five nine
C : O_ four seven three O_- one O_ O_
C : zero
C : one
C : two zero six two
C : four three four six seven
C : five four four
C : six
C : seven eight nine nine
C : eight
C : nine
C : O_ O_ one
C : one two four seven three four nine
C : two five
C : three five zero zero eight
C : four eight
G : Transcript
G : five
G : six
G : seven O_ O_ five
G : nine two six three three
G : O_ five five
G : zero four nine
G : one six
G : two
G : three O_ O_ two one nine two
G : four
G : six six
G : seven two O_ eight five O_ three
G : eight six
G : nine
G : O_ eight eight seven four
G : zero
G : one zero eight
G : three two four five
G : four five
G : five six nine two three
C : Oh. O_K.
F : or anything, but
F : Uh, in and kind of go around - see what people have been doing -
F : talk about that, a r- progress report. Um,
A : I've got to move a bunch of furniture.
F : O_K, always count on a
F : I think that means the battery's O_ K.  - d - do you
F : full  of electrons.
F : kind of my  bright idea to have us take a plane that leaves at seven twenty in the morning.
F : Um.
F : Uh this is uh -
F : Uh -
F : Um. So.
F : Yeah, yeah, O_K.
F : Oh boy. Anyway, so.
A : Will that be enough time?
A : I guess once you get past the bridge that that would be the worst.
B : Yeah , Oakland.
A : Once you get past the turnoff to the Bay Bridge.
F : And then Martin Luther King to nine-eighty to eight-eighty, and it's - it'd take us,
F : It's - I mean, it's still not going to be really easy but - well
F : uh -
F : a pad of paper and -
F : W- you're staying overnight. I figured you wouldn't need a great big suitcase, yeah. That's sort of
F : Uh - I'll - I'll - I'll -
C : Wednesday.
G : Well, preparation of the French test data actually.
G : Aurora-two noises.
G : And, @@
G : And then the remaining part, I use for testing and -
F : What's the plan again?
G : The plan with these data?
F : You just described what you've been  doing.
F : So if you could remind me of what you're going  to be doing.
C : @@  Tell him about the cube.
G : I should tell him about the cube? Yeah.
F : Oh! Cube.  Yeah.
E : Fill in the cube.
G : Uh, uh,
G : analyze three dimensions,
G : the feature dimension, the training data dimension, and the test data dimension.
G : Well, what we want to do is
G : first we have number for each uh task.
G : T_I-digit task, the Italian task, the French task
G : So we have numbers with uh - systems -
G : neural networks trained on the task data.
G : uh,
G : well,  using a more generic database, which is phonetically - phonetically balanced, and.
G : Ye- uh -
G : This could be a - a problem for -
G : they are not uh with telephone bandwidth.
F : I mean cuz th- this whole thing is for developing new standards for the telephone.
C : Telephone.
G : Yeah, but the - the idea is to compute the feature before the -
G : Well, the device, or - Well.
G : So you   -
A : Did you happen to find out anything about the O_G_I multilingual database?
F : Yeah, that's wh- that's wh- that's what I meant.
F : I said - @@ , there's - there's - there's an O_G_I language I_D, not the - not the, uh -
G : Yeah, there are also two other databases.
G : Mm-hmm.
F : And for the difference in phonetic context that you - ?
F : Provide that.
G : uh, digits more general training data. So.
F : Well, we also have this Broadcast News that we were talking about taking off the disk, which is - is microphone data for - for English.
F : @@
G : Yeah.
F : Yes.
E : To fill in the cube.
G : Uh.
F : O_K.
G : Yeah, and perhaps, um -
F : Uh, depen- it depen- it depends how you mean "using the net". So, if you're talking about for producing these discriminative features can't  do that.
F : in principle,  conceptually,  @@
F : we give them these gobbledy-gook features but these gobbledy-gook features are supposed to be good for any language.
G : Well, I chh
F : Yeah. y- y- y-
F : But that's the image that they have.
F : It could be, but that's the image  they have, right?
F : which I - I guess they're starting to look at up there,
C : Test  unseen.
G : which can include the test - the test @@  the target language, or -
G : Yeah.
F : Uh, however,
F : that, you know, it's not so bad as long as we - we note it and say, "Look, we did  do this".
A : "we're gonna build it for what we think  common  if
F : uh, from uh, uh, the point of view of cellular companies, there aren't. There's - you know, there's fifty or something, you know? So,
G : Mmm.
C : And - and understanding some of the data.
C : Um, but I-
C : Am I -
C : Exactly.
C : Um, yeah, so I- I've been looking at, uh, uh, TIMIT stuff.
F : approach? And - and the inputs are P_L_P and delta and that sort of thing, or - ?
C : Well, the inputs are one dimension of the cube, which, um, we've talked about it being, uh, P_L_P, um, M_F_C_Cs, um, J_- J_RASTA, J_RASTA-L_D_A -
G : Hmm.
C : Maybe -
F : O_K.
F : But but at some point - somebody should just show me the cube. It sounds s- I - I get - I think I get the general idea of it, yeah.
A : So, when you said that you were getting the labels for TIMIT,
C : Um, the - the digits -
C : Uh, Ellis.  Right?
A : uh, having s- general speech performs as well as having specific speech.
A : Right, but if it's better, it may be better because it was hand-labeled.
F : Oh yeah, but still @@  probably use it.
E : Sixty-one.
C : to fifty-six, the ICSI fifty-six.
F : Yeah. Yeah.
E : I th- I looks the SAMPA- SAMPA phone.
A : Mmm.
E : But for that, it needs - we must r- h- do a lot of work because we need to generate new tran- transcription for the database that we have.
B : Other than the language, is there a reason not  to use the TIMIT phone set?
B : As opposed to the ICSI phone set?
A : when really they're both silence.
B : Oh.
F : Yeah, especially in a system like ours, which is a discriminative system. You know, you're really asking this net to learn. @@  It's - it's kind of hard. So.
A : And the ones that are gone, I think are -
A : was  basically a short period of silence, and
A : So.
F : Can you describe what - what's on
F : Uh, point out one of the limitations of this medium, but you've got the wireless on, right? Yeah, so you can walk around.
C : O_K.
C : Can y- can you
F : Uh, he can't, actually, but - He's tethered.
C : And the second dimension, um, is the training corpus.
C : Um
C : the last  dimension
G : @@
G : M_S_G.
C : M_S_G.
G : Uh, J_RASTA.
C : J_RASTA.
G : And J_RASTA-L_D_A.
G : multi-band.
G : So there would be multi-band before, um - before our  network, I mean.
G : So, something like, uh, s- T_C_T  within bands and - Well.
G : Uh, yeah.
A : Or is that - you don't include that because it's part of the base or something ?
E : Yeah databases.  Yeah.
G : So, yeah, we could - we could add M_F_C_C also.
C : We could add -
G : Yeah .
E : Without the - Yeah.
F : of  course that's there and this is here and so on. O_K?
C : Um, for the training corpus   - corpus, um, we have,
C : um, the - the d- digits
C : Um, English
C : What else do we have?
G : And the Finnish.
A : Is that - Was that distributed with Aurora, or - ? Where did that - ?
C : And, um, oh yeah, and -
C : French
E : Like Mexican Spain and Spain.
F : Yeah.
E : I think that is more important, Mexican Spain. Because more people - Yeah.
G : Yeah, yeah, yeah.
G : They
F : Yeah.
F : But then he likes Belgian fries too, so. O_K.
C : um, like TIMIT.
C : O_K.
G : The French data.
C : Spanish something.  O_K.
C : From Spain.
F : Spanish from Spain. Yeah, we're really covered there now. O_K.
C : And TIMIT's from Yeah.
F : From T_I. From - i- It's from Texas. So may- maybe it's -
B : From the deep South.
F : Well, not if it's not seen, yeah.
F : O_K.
F : O_K, so that's your training corpus, and then your testing corpus - ?
C : Ge-
F : Well, so, yeah, the final test, on a  guess, is supposed to be German and Danish, right?
G : The s- yeah, the Spanish,  perhaps,
G : But the - the Aurora  Spanish, I mean.
F : So that's, uh, three hundred and forty-three, uh, different systems that are going to be developed.
F : Uh, so that's
C : Yeah. One hundred each, about.
F : Are you just trying to be difficult?
D : No, I just don't understand.
C : There- there's three - three tests. Um, type-A_, type-B_, and type-C_.
D : And do we do all our clean  data?
F : crazy t- I mean, these are - a lot of these are built-in things and  you know, a lot of these things
C : That's a good question.
C : Och!
C : Now, this is turning into a four-dimensional cube?
E : No. Here.
F : Yeah, so, I mean, you don't wanna, uh -
F : Let's see, seven choose two would - - be, uh, twenty-one different combinations. Um.
F : Yeah, I hope  not.
A : No, no, I'm - I'm just wondering about number of parameters in the net. Do you have to worry about keeping that the same, or - ?
F : Uh, I don't think  so.
B : There's a computation  limit, though, isn't there?
B : Isn't there like a limit on the computation load, or d- latency, or something like that for Aurora task?
F : Oh yeah, we haven't talked about any of that at all, have we?
A : But wh- what about a net that's trained on multiple languages,  though?
G : Eight -  y-
E : Necessary to put in
F : One would think  one net,
F : but we've - I don't think we've tested  that. Right?
E : Database  three.
F : Yeah, so, I guess the first thing is if w- if we know how much a - how long a - a training takes,
G : it's - yeah. But it's - it's - it's not so long. It @@  - Yeah.
G : More.
E : Maybe one day.
F : Running on what?
F : Uh, I don't know what Ravioli is. Is it - is it an Ultra-five, or is it a - ?
E : mmm
C : I don't know.
E : Who is that? I don't know. I don't know.
B : Ravioli   is.
C : I don't know.
B : We can check  quickly,  I guess.
F : Right, so, I mean, clearly, there - there's no way we can even begin  to do an- any significant amount here unless we use multiple machines.
F : you know, what machines are fast, what machines are used a lot -
C : Oh, I don't know how w- how we would P_make  this, though.
A : Depends on the corpuses,   right?
B : It s- also depends on the net.
E : Depends on the corpus.
E : I - I think the neural net  SPERT. Yes.
A : Is it faster to do it on the SPERT, or - ?
F : No - uh, no, what I like  about it is we - we - we do have a problem that we have very limited time.
C : O_K.
F : that's - I think it's a great thing to go  to.
F : But if it's new,  then we have this development and - and - and learning process t- to - to go through
F : on top  of - just the - the - all the - all the work.
F : So, I - I - I don't see how we'd do  it.
F : And - and all the kinds of data that we, at this point, already have.
F : And, uh, you're just saying let's look at the outer product of all of these things and see if we can calculate them.
F : Then, uh, like, we're there.
C : for nets trained on digits,
C : um, we have been using, uh, four hundred order hidden units.
F : y- You mean
F : more classes.
C : More  classes. Right, right. More classes. That's what I mean. Mm-hmm.
E : D- I begin to work with the Italian database
E : and the @@ .
F : has the potential  to do better, but it doesn't always.
F : So, it's sort of like the right transformation to do the filtering in, is dependent on how much noise  there is.
F : And so in J_RASTA you attempt to do  that.
E : It's a bit - I'll  do better.
E : and also to train another  neural network with the Spanish digits, the database of Spanish digits.
E : And I working that.
E : Was for me,
E : with the labels   label   label   to train the neural network.
E : And change .
E : Uh, for example Albayzin database was labeled   automatically with H_T_K.
E : It's not hand - it's not labels   Labels.  labels.  I'm sorry.
F : Oh, "l- labeled
E : And at the end, I think that with LabeCut I can transfer to ASCII   ASCII   format.
E : ASCII   ASCII   format to
E : Exceed  pass .
E : Actually  that was complicated, but well, I know how we can did that - do that.
C : Um, I - I was thinking two things. Uh, the first thing was, um - we - we actually had thought of this as sort of like, um - not - not in stages,
C : but more along the - the time axis.
C : Just kind of like one stream at a time, je-je-je-je-je check out the results and - and go that way.
F : No, I'm just saying, I'm just thinking of it like loops, right? And so, y- y- y- if you had three nested loops, that you have a choice for this, a choice for this, and a choice for that, right? And you're going through them all. That - that's what I  meant.
F : uh, um,
F : And, uh, I still  lot  of them. I mean, it wouldn't surprise me if we could do a hundred of them or something.
C : Yeah, and the - the second
F : And we have  reached the - this - the machines are getting faster and faster.
F : It may be too late for this, uh, p- precise crunch we're in now,  but, uh,
F : we're, uh - It's gonna take us a couple weeks at least to get the, uh, uh, the amount of disk we're gonna be getting. We're actually  gonna get, uh,
F : and, uh, put them on another - another disk rack. We ran out of space on the disk rack that we had, so we're getting another disk rack and
F : primarily  between this project and the Meetings - Meetings Project.
F : So I don't know where you're - Stephane, where you're doing your computations. If - i- so, you're on an N_T machine, so you're using some external machine to -
A : Nuh-uh.
F : Yeah, so those are computational servers. So I guess the other question is what disk there i- space there is there on the computational   servers.
G : Mustard.
A : Right, right. Well , I'll check on that.
F : So.
A : Uh, and if there is then, uh -
F : put stuff in slash-scratch.  It's more putting in d- s- X_A or X_B or, right?
A : and they attach an external disk, is  backed up.
F : uh, then, yeah, it's fine if it's not backed up because if it g- g- gets wiped out or something, y- I mean it is  backed up on the other disk. So, yeah, O_K.
A : Yeah, so, started  looking at -
A : that's an X_  disk, which means it's not backed up. So,
A : data that is, you know, some kind of corpus  stuff usually, that - that we've got on a C_D-ROM or something,
A : onto that new disk to free up space other  disks.
A : sit down with you about some of these other  ones and see if we can move them onto, um,
A : Um, but if it's experiments and you're creating files and things that you're gonna need, you probably wanna have those on a disk that's backed up, just in case something
A : Um
F : This being - ?
G : So, but -
F : Yeah, I think that's a good idea. I mean it's i- i- we - we seem to have enough dimensions as it is. So probably if we
G : u- u-
G : Yeah, yeah, yeah.
F : sort of take their - probably  on-line
F : a little bit. Uh, so w- we can say what we're doing, yeah.
F : And, um, also, if you have sorted out, um,
F : this information about how long i- roughly  how long it takes to do on what and,
F : a- a- Actually  -
F : uh, for going up, and any- anything else you can think of would be - we should think about accomplishing?
F : I mean, I'm just saying this because maybe there's things we need to do in preparation.
G : Oh , I think basically, this is - this is, uh, yeah.
F : to, uh, do  this.  I mean he's doing -
F : this  project.
G : additionally to all these experiments, which  is not really research,
G : trying to have a closer look at the - perhaps the, um,
G : speech, uh, noise detection or,
A : What was it? What was happening with his thing ? He was running through these models very quickly. He was getting lots of, uh,
A : uh insertions,  is what it was, in his recognitions.
F : The only problem - I mean, maybe  that's the right thing - the only problem I have with it is
F : you thought it'd be a good  thing to do.
F : Let's fall back to that. But I think the first responsibility is sort of to figure out if there's something that, uh, an - an additional -
F : Uh, that's a good thing you - remove the mike. Go ahead, good.
F : Uh, uh.
F : Right? Cuz Dave's gonna be around for a long time, right? He's - he's gonna be here for years.
F : And so, um,
F : We have - we - we've, you know, only,
F : If we can think of something - some piece  of this that's going to be -
F : The very fact that it is  sort of just work, and i- and it's running programs and so forth,
F : is exactly  why  could
G : Yeah.
F : I was arguing for, was  wasn't  research because we - we're - we have a time crunch.
F : See the thing with voiced-unvoiced-silence is I really think that - that it's - to do - to do a - a - a - a poor  job is - is pretty quick, uh, or, you know, a so-so job.
F : You can - you can - you can throw in a couple fea- we know what - what kinds of features help with it.
F : You can do pretty well. But I remember, in fact, when you  were working on that, and you worked on for few months, as I recall, and you got to, say ninety-three percent, and
F : getting to ninety-four
F : Anyway, it's a very  very interesting topic.
F : a lot  of people would say, and I think Dan would also, uh, that one of the things wrong with current speech recognition is that we - we really do throw away
F : But the harmonic detail does  something.
F : Like the fact that there is  harmonic detail is - is real important.
F : So.
F : the other suggestion that just came up was, well what about having him kind of thing.
F : Uh, creating a superset from looking at the multiple languages, and then creating i- m- changing labels on TIMIT?
F : Or on - or on multiple language - multiple languages?
G : Yeah, yeah, with the @@  three languages, and -
F : Yeah.
C : Carmen was talking about this SAMPA thing, and it's, um,
C : it's an effort by linguists to come up with, um,
B : I'm sorry.
B : I was gonna say, does that mean I_P_A is not really international?
B : Oh, I see.
F : What, uh - about  this issue?
F : Do they have  have?
F : Uh, and that's an interesting too.
G : what they did is to training, uh, English nets with all the phonemes, and then training it in  English nets with, uh, kind of seventeen, I think it was - seventeen, uh, broad classes.
A : Automatically derived broad classes, or - ? Uh-huh.
F : Right? I mean, if - if in fact that is a better thing to do, um, our own.
F : And one way is to come up with a superset,
F : but they are als- they're trying coming up with clustered,
F : and do we think there's something wrong  with that?
F : Right. Although, you are not using this for the - You're using this for the feature  generation, though, not the -
G : So, I'm afraid  -
F : s-
B : Fact, most confusions are within  the phone - phone classes, right?
B : I think, uh, Larry was saying like obstruents are only confused with other obstruents, et cetera, et cetera.
F : But that's what I thought they were gonna - Did they not  do that, or - ?
F : They're talking about it, but that's sort of a question whether they did  other  route to go. Instead of this, you know -
F : Instead of the - the - the - the superclass  thing, which is to take -
F : So suppose y- you don't really mark arti- To really  mark articulatory features, you really wanna look at the acoustics and - and see where everything is, and we're not gonna do that.
F : So, to look at the, uh, phones that are labeled and translate them into acoustic - uh, uh - articulatory, uh, uh, features.
F : So it won't really be right. You won't really have these overlapping things and so forth, but -
A : So the targets of the net - are these - ?
F : Articulatory feature.
C : Allows for - ?
F : So, um, that's another
F : just translate to articulatory features, some set of articulatory features and train with that.
F : Now the fact - even though it's a smaller number, it's still fine because you have the - the, uh, combinations.
F : But it should go across languages better.
A : instead of going through the net, just create the vector for each phone and feed that  in
F : This was the guy that we were just talking  campus.  sonorants.
F : He - he di- he didn't mention that  part. But.
A : Well,  work  on this, they had done some experiment where if they could get that one feature right,
F : O_K.
A : the result. So I was thinking, you know - it made me think about this,  that if -
A : it'd be an  did  get all of those right.
F : Should  all  phones.  So that's - that's equivalent to saying that you've got -
F : got all the phones  doesn't
F : Although, yeah, it would  be - make an interesting cheating experiment because we are using it in this funny way, where we're converting it into features.
G : But perhaps you have the choice of the final nonl- uh, nonlinearity, yeah.
G : Is it always softmax or - ?
C : we would train  on sigmoid-X_ and then
B : Oh, you - Yeah?
H : Um, about to be
F : About  to be off the air.
