D : uh wanted to mention a couple little bits of news.
D : Um Hynek is supposed to come for a couple days next week.
D : Don't know which days yet. So hopefully he'll have some intensive time to - to work with people.
D : Um.
D : So that may or may not happen but uh effort will pretty much
D : shift here,
D : cuz Sunil will be here and
D : Uh.
C : Alright.
F : Cool. I need a new  office mate.
D : Oh, O_K.
D : There you go.
F : Right.
D : Yeah, I mean it may not happen. I mean he wants - uh I think he wants some experience someplace else and he's - he's uh someplace,  here.  So.
D : But y- I don't know maybe June. Anyway,  Hynek will be here next week and maybe he'll know more about it.
C : more specifically t- for Aurora um
C : conference call but
C : uh they are not decide on everything yet.
C : For the V_A_D they - probably they will do something like
C : of the SpeechDat-Car and then take the same um end points
D : Oh so take a real  V_A_D but apply it to - to - to the clean -
C : Yeah, to the clean  noisy.  Mmm.
D : clean data. O_K.
C : But I am not sure this is decided yet. Um.
D : And - and i- when they're talking about it, do you have the impression that they're talking about
D : a  use?  procedure?
C : Well
C : Maybe.  But this is still -
C : Yeah, they're still not decided.
C : Yeah.
C : Nothing much. Yeah. Probably the um -
C : these weight things, they will
C : apply the same kind of weighting scheme for
C : T_I-digits than for the SpeechDat-Car.
C : So it would be weighting of um -
C : It would be an average of improvements rather than an average of the more clean
D : O_K.
C : This
C : They - they t- I think they will tend to go this way, but hmm.
C : So @@
C : Yeah there is no surpri- there is no surprise. Well,
C : so there is nor  significant improvement.
C : Um.
C : Yeah, basically that's all.
C : We've started to work on some kind of report for the work so we've not much
D : Yeah you have a uh - you have a lunch talk sometime in - When is it?
A : How about the um - the thing that you guys were working on before the uh
A : Uh voiced-unvoiced uh -
E : Oh yes. But,
E : no. This week I'm - I am begin to - to write the report on -
D : collate results? and get something from it?
C : Mm-hmm.
C : Um. Yeah. Right now, Sunil seems i- is in India actually. there is no progress apparently from their side neither.
D : Right. But that sort of puts it on us to do it. But.
C : I'm sorry?
D : Kind of puts it on us to put more in, then, really.
C : Yeah.
C : Sunil was
C : Um.
C : He sent a bunch of - a bunch of results uh but I don't know what's the status of this. I guess  Um.
C : Mmm.
C : better than what we had before.
C : Then he tried to put the on-line normalization and
C : Yeah.
D : Huh.
D : O_K. Well -
C : Hmm.
D : Yeah. I - uh, I g- so I guess nothing has ever happened about uh making a standardized uh place where the software sits so that people can work with it, and upgrade it?
C : No. Well, I - I sent mails to start the - the process and I guess we should have to -
C : Well, we know most what we have to - to put in - in this. And.
C : Yeah.
D : O_K.
D : Well, uh. Let's - let's come back to this uh later.
D : Um. O_K.
D : Um. Chuck, did you get a chance to do anymore stuff with the uh
D : H_T_K, or - ?
A : Uh, no. This week I haven't. I've been - my whole time's been taken up with uh Meeting Recorder stuff.
A : Uh, disk crash and uh
D : O_K.
D : O_K.
A : covering things.
D : This may be a very short meeting. Uh. Um.
D : Anything from
F : Uh, continuing readings we come
D : O_K.
F : Yeah.
B : Well um.
B : One thing in - in the paper Avendano and his collaborators wrote
B : subtracting the mean of the log spectral magnitude over a two second window. But they didn't do anything with the phase,
B : and they said perhaps that limited their approach that it did not try to normalize the phase in any way.
B : So I'm - I'm going to start thinking about um ways that the ph- that the phase could be used.
B : Um. Si- if - if the um channel phases should be additive.
A : is  um
A : where th- uh for the Italian system they had done a series of experiments playing around with the um -
A : it turns out that the one that they're actually using was not the best, uh in - in their series of experiments, which I uh - Maybe it's because they
D : Sure. Wh- who's they   - they?
A : Uh, I don't know who  did it do you know, Stephane? Who did that?
C : I don't know but it's the company who prepared the Italian database, so it was - Is it Alcatel, or - ?
E : I think
C : I don't know.
A : So um
A : all different of kinds of variations, and that would let us, you know, pump through a lot more experiments. So um I still have to - to send everybody a
A : pointer about uh on the Linux boxes and about changing these number of iterations so that -
A : so that you can do that. So the - the other thing that that I was thinking about maybe trying out next is um -
C : um they had better results when they increased the number of states.
A : So.
A : uh make the silence model more powerful, you know, increasing the number of Gaussians to the number of states, different - different things like that, so. That's probably the next little thing I'll play with when I get a chance
D : Um.
D : Let's see.
D : Uh.
D : Uh I got transcript uh L_ six four
D : Four four six one, three five three six, six two three seven.
D : Five, five two nine, one eight, four three eight, two.
D : Eight, one one seven, five zero, four six two, eight.
D : One six eight, three five zero, eight nine five.
D : Six, six eight zero, six nine, three zero six, nine.
D : Eight five eight, four two, three one eight seven.
D : Nine three two six, three, three one three.
D : Zero six four zero, seven, four seven three.
F : Transcript L_ dash sixty five.
F : Three three six, nine zero, one four five one.
F : Six nine two eight, zero four O_ six, O_ three seven two.
F : Five zero, one four, three eight, two three, nine six.
F : Six O_ six, eight nine, two nine five nine.
F : Seven seven eight seven, five nine eight nine, six one two zero.
F : Eight seven one, five one, nine six six eight.
F : Three five zero, one three zero, eight four eight two.
F : Four eight two five, nine six two five, one two nine one.
A : Transcript L_ sixty six.
A : Eight seven, three two, zero one, three five, five three.
A : Two eight six, O_ two, O_ six six eight.
A : Seven, three two three, five three, three seven zero, two.
A : Two four six, three nine, five seven five zero.
A : Seven, two three O_, four four, four six eight, one.
A : Eight, five six four, eight one, one seven eight, five.
C : D'you put two?
A : Four four two, five two five, seven seven one.
A : Two seven nine, five nine, eight five seven four.
E : My name is Maria.
C : Oh, yeah.
B : Transcript L_ dash sixty seven
B : Seven one five, six six, seven five O_ five.
C : Maria Carmen?
B : One six six O_, seven two nine nine -
B : One six six O_, seven two nine nine, six six five three.
B : Three O_, four four, five one, two seven, one two.
B : Eight seven, three one, eight nine, one three, five five.
B : Five six six, zero four three, four eight zero.
B : Eight six, seven eight, five one, zero six, six nine.
B : One two two five, seven one eight six, nine nine five three.
B : Two four eight, four eight eight, four seven zero.
C : Transcript L_ dash sixty eight.
C : five zero two, one five, six two one four
C : eight one nine, two five, one three two eight
C : three, four three two, one O_, four one five, five
C : two eight five, zero nine four, five nine zero one
C : eight four two, two one eight, two six nine
C : seven three four six, one, zero zero zero
C : zero seven seven zero, three, two four six
C : six four two four, one, three nine six
E : Transcript
E : Five nine seven, six eight six, three five nine four.
E : Six six five, six nine eight, five three five.
E : Six seven one three, nine, seven one eight.
E : I'm sorry.
E : Seven nine eight.
E : Six O_ one six, eight, nine one three.
E : Eight seven nine, five five four, eight five nine.
E : Nine five nine nine, four, one eight five.
E : Four zero four six, three three one two, zero six nine one.
E : Three six zero five, two eight, five two four, three.
D : O_K.
