E : I won't  be here Thursday and Friday. But my suggestion is that, uh,
E : at least for this  meeting, people should go ahead, uh, cuz Hynek will be here, and,
E : you know, we don't have any Czech accent yet, uh, as far as I know, so -
E : There we go.
E : So other than reading digits, what's our agenda?
F : Been working on Meeting Recorder stuff. So.
E : O_K.
E : Um.
E : Cuz the one thing - the one thing that seems to me we really should try,
E : if you hadn't  tried it before, because it hadn't occurred to me - it was sort of an obvious thing -
F : Um. What happens is, uh, when you get to the noisy stuff, you start getting lots of insertions.
F : Um. I could do more playing with that, though.
F : Oh, you're talking about for th-
E : @@
E : and @@  with, uh, you know, how many states and so forth,
E : that it - it doesn't particularly  improve the performance. In other words,
E : that even though it sounds  pretty dumb,
E : but  anybody using the system would.
E : if  you were just adjusting the back-end,
E : they're probably not at all  set right
E : I think that's, uh, @@  that's kind of a first-order thing that - that we should try.
F : So for th-
F : run our  front-end like normal, with the default, uh,
E : you know, our current best  version of something.
E : I mean, y-  don't wanna do this over a hundred different things that they've tried but, you know, for
E : some version that you say is a good one. You know? Um.
E : uh, does it improve if you actually adjust that?
F : Yeah. I didn't even write them   down.
F : I just need to get, um,
F : front-end, uh, stuff from you or you point me to some files that you've already calculated.
B : Mm-hmm.
F : I wonder if there's anything that we could do front-end
E : But -
E : of the numbers - of the differences  between different candidates from the acoustic model
F : changing the value  of your insertion penalty.
F : about what range our  match with that.
E : be kinda neat to find out if we're way off.
E : @@  part  of that, but -
F : I've seen that with the mel cepstrum. I don't - I don't know about the Aurora front-end, but -
E : I'm sure it's more
B : Mm-hmm.
F : the guy from O_G_I came down that one time and -
F : that, because all that stuff that we're getting thr- the silence that's getting through is causing insertions. So.
B : Mmm.
F : I'll bet you there's still a lot
B : Mm-hmm.
E : So, I mean, the insertions  symptom.
E : uh, the most obvious  @@ . But -
E : Um.
E : Um, I mean we ca-
E : Even though it's - it's - it's true that in a real situation you can in fact adjust the - these - these scaling factors in the back-end,
E : do gamesmanship and how much we wanna do - I mean, i- if he-
E : so that you got the best number for this point four five times the - you know, and so on.
E : Um. So -
F : Mm-hmm.
E : it's kind of reasonable. But then -
E : are accepting, uh, more or less, that these are the rules.
E : But, people outside  of it who look in at the broader picture are certainly gonna say
E : that that's not true,
E : or determine that it is  true, in which case we want to adjust that and then
E : finding ways to then compensate for that in the front-end
F : Mm-hmm.
E : So.
B : Uh. So there's nothing
B : new.
E : Uh, what's old
B : I'm sorry?
E : O_K. What's old with you that has developed over the last week or two?
B : On the report of the work that was already
B : Mm-hmm. That's all.
F : How about   that - ?
C : I don't have results yet.
F : No results? Yeah.
F : The - the, uh,
A : Voicing thing.
E : I mean, what- what's - what's going on now? What are you doing?
C : we try to use
E : So, what - wha-
C : something like that.
B : Mm-hmm.
E : you not necessarily finish  that.
B : Mm-hmm.
E : actually finishing  it
E : Because, you know, you're gonna have another bunch of results to fit in there anyway.
C : It's not.
E : to - to really work on - on fine-tuning the report n-  at this point is - is probably bad timing,
E : I - I think.
E : But you ma- you may really wanna add other things later anyway because you -
B : Yeah.
B : But anyway.
B : Yeah, yeah. We have, yeah, extracted actually the noises from the SpeechDat-Car.
E : That's -
B : @@
B : Uh. Well,
B : Um.
E : Yeah. I guess the thing is - Yeah. I guess that's a matter of interpretation. The rules as I understand it, is that in principle
E : And the - and the German and Danish were the evaluation data.
E : So -
E : was - I mean, even though the improvement  wasn't so good, the pre- the raw performance was really pretty good.
E : Um, it's somewhat  tuned. It's tuned more than, you know, a - a - a - a -
E : Um, I guess  it's O_K.
F : I think it's -
F : systems that are like ours, where you actually use the data to build models. I mean, they just
E : it probably  would be the case that if, say, we trained on Italian,
E : uh, that - that it would look bad. And I think someone  would notice and would say "Well, look. This is not generalizing." I would hope tha- I would hope they would.
F : Mm-hmm.
E : Um.
F : Do we know anything about the speakers for each of the, uh, training utterances?
E : Social security number
B : Like, we have male, female,
F : Bank PIN.
B : Mm-hmm.
E : Hmm.
F : Well, you could put them   both  in as separate
F : streams or something.
F : Uh.
B : Mm-hmm.
E : Yeah, it's an  interesting thought. Maybe having something
F : Uh  no. I hadn't - I hadn't thought - it was - thought too much about it, really. It just - something that popped into my head just now. And so I - I -
F : a similar idea to what they do in vocal tract length normalization. You know, you have some sort of a,
E : uh  really doesn't sound like a real-time thing with less than two hundred milliseconds, uh,
F : Yeah. That's true.
E : I mean - Yeah. No. Well not just expensive.
E : I - I - I don't see how you could possibly do  anything.  only  - Right?
F : Right. So whatever it was, it would have to be uh  sort of on a per frame basis.
B : Mm-hmm.
E : Yeah. I mean, you can do, um -
E : Fairly quickly you can do male female   male
E : trying to identify third formant - average  third formant -
E : using that as an indicator of -
F : I don't know.
E : you know, might be out to thirty-seven fifty, you know so it's at
E : So, I think, eh, if I recall correctly, they did something   like that. And - and - But -
E : having one frame  or something. You know? That's more like looking at third formant over - over a turn or something like that, and -
B : Mm-hmm.
B : Mm-hmm.
E : Y- you could  imagine that - I mean, just like we're saying voiced-unvoiced is good to know -
E : males and females and it's mm-hmm
E : putting into one net. So is it - ?
E : O_K.
B : when they are used on -
B : on the SpeechDat-Car data, it's not the case - oh, well .
B : The M_S_G features are much worse,
E : Shouldn't be. They should be less so. R- right?
E : Wh- ? But let me ask you this. What - what's the, um - ?
E : so, uh - @@
E : I sort of had forgotten to discuss it.
B : Yeah.
E : Or what - you know, what you're uh  - the thing you're actually looking at.
E : So they're kinda like log probabilities is what I was saying.
F : O_K. And tho- that's what goes H_T_K?
E : Uh, almost. But then you actually do a K_L_T on them.
B : Mm-hmm.
F : the standard insertion penalty is gonna have very little effect
F : a  smaller set of log probs.
E : No. Again you don't really look at that. It's something - that, and then it's going through this transformation that's
E : But still it's - it's not gonna probably radically change the scale of things.
E : So the first thing I'd look at without adjusting anything would just be to go back to the experiment and look at the, uh, substitutions, insertions, and deletions.
E : for the   two cases then that would be, uh, an indicator that it might - might be in that direction.
E : Anything else?
E : Well.
E : But, you know, some problems are harder than others, and -
B : Yeah.
B : Mm-hmm.
E : maybe we could be doing much better,  even in T_I-digits. Right?
B : Uh.
E : O-
B : But, I think that would involve to -
B : to mmm
B : um,
B : um,
E : O_K. Well, this'll be, I think, something for discussion with Hynek next week.
B : Mmm.
E : Right.
E : I'll, uh -
E : talking with everybody in this room So.
E : I'll try to
E : Um.
D : Mmm. Yeah.
E : Yeah. Oh, good. Yeah.
E : Yeah. That's just - that's - that's one of the big advantages of not making much money is
E : the taxes are easier. Yeah.
E : I think you are.  Aren't you?
D : Hmm. Yeah.
E : Two thousand.
D : Ye-
E : Alright.
E : Barry, do you wanna say something about your stuff here?
A : Oh, um.
A : Right. I just, um,
A : Oh, you - oh, you want - you want details. Hmm.
A : I was hoping I could wave my hands. Um.
A : um, to be able to distinguish between, uh, phones and words and stuff. And
A : do some cheating  experiments,
A : um, where we feed, um, these events into an S_R_I system, um, eh, and evaluate its performance on a Switchboard task.
A : Yeah. Sure. Um, I - I can give you an  twenty-odd events.
A : Um -
A : So, he- In this paper, um, it's  talking about phoneme recognition using acoustic events.
A : paper by Hubener and Cardson
E : Bielefeld.
A : Um.
E : Yeah. Yeah, O_K.
F : Versus an acoustic event, which is just that is fairly easy to measure.
F : Um. So it's, um - it's a little different, in - at least in my mind.
E : I mean, when we did the SPAM work - I mean, there we had - we had this notion of an, uh, auditory -
E : @@  auditory event.
A : Good. That's great.
E : called them " avents
E : So.
E : there.  But there's certainly other things
E : rapid changes, but -
E : Yeah.
F : sometimes, and sometimes it may not. It just depen- maybe depends on the context, things like that. And so it's sort of a different way of looking.
A : Um -
A : um -
A : eh, try to extend it to, um - to account for other - other phenomena like, um, C_M_R co-modulation release.
A : And, um -
A : Um,
A : Um, and -
A : we could put them   together and - and feed the outputs of the event detectors into - into the S_R_I, um,
A : um - and test it on - on Switchboard or, um, maybe even Aurora stuff.
E : area and, um, Michael Kleinschmidt, who's worked with him, who also looks at
E : So, he looks at interesting - interesting things in - in the -
E : It's, uh, one thirty-five.
E : Uh, O_K, I'm doing transcript L_ seventy-six.
E : zero three two three six five five five zero
E : seven zero five eight five nine nine two four six five seven
E : eight zero three four six zero one five
E : five four four eight four four five zero eight eight
E : three six six six six zero one seven two six
E : nine seven one two three five one five eight eight
E : four eight two one eight zero four two three seven seven zero
E : five two eight five seven eight eight six seven four
B : Transcript L_ dash seventy-seven.
B : five eight four five four seven four one six three
B : one three zero two eight seven four five two
B : one two one one six one four two two
B : three eight nine one four eight three eight one seven four zero
B : six five one eight six seven six two nine three
B : three one three two six one three four two four
B : zero two four three two one four one three one three seven
B : zero zero one nine five zero seven nine five six
F : Transcript L_ dash seventy-eight.
F : one five four three five eight nine two seven six
F : four four nine seven four six six four six
F : seven eight seven three three seven six one eight two
F : six eight nine O_ three three three one three three
F : seven seven five one seven five five three six
F : one one four one three zero zero seven
F : five one O_ seven eight two four six one
F : six four three eight two two five O_ three
A : Transcript L_ dash seventy-nine.
A : eight eight five two five two six one seven
A : four four five one nine one two eight eight four
A : one three one six eight four three zero zero four
A : six six eight three nine eight six four eight six
A : six seven five zero three one four one seven zero
A : eight five nine five O_ three seven six O_ two
A : six O_ eight two three O_ seven one nine eight seven five
A : seven four two eight eight three seven one six eight
D : Transcript L_ dash eight zero.
D : nine five six six four three nine seven eight three
D : O_ two six four three six one two eight nine
D : three four four O_ five seven nine eight one
D : three nine O_ eight eight O_ one O_ two zero nine nine
D : five eight nine eight one eight nine five four eight
D : seven nine six one eight seven eight eight three
D : zero nine six seven six two nine zero five
D : seven five six zero seven two nine seven
C : Transcript L_ dash eighty-one.
C : seven nine one five nine zero eight two
C : one six one six eight six four zero one three
C : four four zero five five six four two one
C : nine four two one zero five one two seven two
C : one two nine five eight eight six three nine two
C : five eight eight four three six zero five three zero
C : two three three two six two four three six five
C : two six two four two eight five one four five
E : O_K-
