G : I was just thinking that
G : in the meeting you could like
G : have this secret thing that would play music if you're - @@
F : Yeah, that's right!
B : @@
F : Thanks.
G : coming through if you got bored or something, cuz -
B : Ch-ch-ch, ch-ch-ch, ch-ch-ch, ch-ch-ch
C : Well, it's being recorded anyway,  listen  to the guy?
G : Right.
G : Right.
B : Yeah, that's right.
C : @@  need  record
B : You need me, yeah.
C : Then we can get Liz's X_  to see  important  things.
G : Right.
G : Right.
H : you have to turn those things on  if they're not on already. Are they -
C : Mine  is on.
C : Where am  I?
H : Looks good.
A : Hello? Hello? I'm - I'm on zero!  Yes!
C : You are  on zero.
F : That's r- exactly the problem.
D : You know, I  have a feeling we're on reversed. Does yours say "three"?
A : @@  and Mike are coming on my channel.
G : Where's the -
H : But you have to - the channel - uh the number on the mike is the number on the screen plus one, of course.
F : Of course.
F : So I guess I am channel eight.
D : Whoa!
G : Am I nine? O_K.
F : You look ni- You look  nine.
D : Hello?
F : Funny, you don't look a day over seven.
A : So I guess now we have a lot of censors- self-censorship going on.
G : No,
A : No, we got to relax and let go.
G : It probably -
E : Ch-ch.
B : These are  disturbing. Being just in front of your ears, it -
B : you can - you can hear the shadow  it creates.
E : Oh! Really?
H : Oh, god.
G : You
B : Well, I can - I can feel  it.
F : You h- you must have much
F : And so far every meeting I've recorded someone has at one point or another said, "Oh, I probably shouldn't have said that."
B : There's  too much -
C : So, Harry,  clicks  and, you know.
E : I've been clicking  plenty.
D : Wow! That's great!
A : Yeah. Alright.
E : They don't show up  that  thing.
D : They'll be - they'll be deaf- deafening the transcriber.
E : Yeah, I'm sure - I'm sure  recorded.
A : They want to do something serious with this research.
D : That's - that's really something.
F : Ah!
D : Oh.
F : Oh, but it doesn't actually do anything else?
H : Doesn't do anything
F : Oh, yeah, that's right.
A : Wait, you- you're going to be - you're going to be saying, you know, funnier things, so leave it on.
C : This is a very sensual thing.
F : Yeah, I think a lot o- a lot of us ended up wearing it around your neck  and then facing up.
C : Maybe this is a little  better.
A : Clearly  impression  is i- if I have to wear this thing,
F : This - this  that  one? Yeah.
A : I wouldn't be - Yeah. Oh. That  that  one. The one I tried. I'd -
A : They really press my temples, otherwise my ear channels, otherwise my joints here. I mean, depending where I put it, it press different things,
A : but that's a @@  fine. I mean -
D : I think we have to add that to the - to the form they sign.
A : probably, you know, acoustically more challenging but I  like
F : Oh, yeah. But this  is very comfortable. I mean, I - I could wear this without any difficulty.
F : We c- we'd - we'd have to buy  new ones.
F : the other way I had  might  one  over an ear
F : and then you can adjust the other  one.
F : And that didn't - that  seemed to be pretty -
C : Ouch.
A : A- Anything which is distracting or painful, with this .
D : Yeah.
F : So - so you see how Jane's  wearing it?
F : That  seems to work O_K too.
A : But I mean, but at that point - at that point it wouldn't be much different to - to wear this or that.
A : Hhh. O_K.
H : But, uh, yeah, but it's not such a - it's not such a directional microphone probably.
F : Yeah, we - maybe we should look into if we can buy a replacement. If they're eighty bucks,
F : rather  all,
D : Wow.
E : Just trying to give you a hard transcription task. No. I'm sorry.
F : but to get - to get a good quality - I mean, if - if you were listening to it downstairs,  quite  quality.
D : Hey, whi- what - where are @@
C : What are you doing?
A : Yeah, yeah, I noticed  noticed  that.
A : But, you know, that - that might be the challenging  part. I mean, because otherwise you are -
D : I don't @@  -
F : Yeah.
G : If it didn't - if it didn't hurt,  comfortable  but you knew it was there, would it bother you?
D : I'll just take -
F : Yeah. Well - well try this one on.
D : I didn't know that you could whistle that - You're a very soft whistler, you're mostly  able to do that without much air at all, aren't you?
E : Yeah, it's weird. It's kind of, uh,
G : Your telephone,  and people use it for cell phones and.
E : apical-alveolar kind of thing. I don't know. It's - You know?
D : Wow, that's amazing!
E : Get a very high pitch that way too. And you get dogs to d- cock their heads and stuff. It's really good.
F : Um, I guess  other  reason is I used -
A : I mean if - if you want something really - really nonintrusive,   really nonintrusive, really something that -
E : But it's that you get enough of the high frequencies. Yeah, that you really get - you really get animals like -
D : Fascinating! Wow.
E : Yeah.
F : Well, I guess my feeling is that this is for collecting a corpus
F : And so I think a little  ridiculous.
C : Not for this, for sure.  No. I mean, it's just - But talking in general, yeah, that's, uh -
B : What exactly is the purpose of the corpus? What's the purpose of the -
G : It's too  hard.
G : I think you should collect both  simultaneously.
F : We wanna do both.  So - so the - the point is that
H : So - no, I mean, the -
F : Right!
G : No, I'm serious.
H : Oh, right, right, right.
A : And with this - with this you're saying, you are also in that situation?
F : Well, I mean, we haven't done the - the detail  listening  bad,
F : whereas these  are m- are
F : very good.  I mean, that's why -
C : Well, yeah, I mean, that's really like having one of these  almost, so.
F : That's why if you - if you use DragonDictate or - or ViaVoice, or any of those others to do dictation you need  to use these. There's just no other way around it.
G : Somebody will design a comfortable
G : there are too many applications to - for them not - to not  do that.
F : Well, and as I said, I find this  one -
G : I mean, it may not look  this  but.
F : I find this one is no problem at all. The only thing is
H : Yeah it's y-
F : and I get a little bit of peripheral vision,  that,
F : Those,  on the other hand, are very uncomfortable.
G : Yeah, those are pretty bad.
D : Can - can't we buy an expander that you just -
B : I'm actually  comfortable  right.  It's just -
F : That's right.
E : I'm
A : I think you have  he would
C : I think he's about to pass out. That's why -
E : You guys gave up  used
F : you know, maybe the problem is we got the kid's  version.
C : Yeah.
H : No, we got a Japanese  version, you know that's - that's it, yeah.
A : D- uh does it have a speaker? Does it have a speaker or - ?
H : Oh yeah, it does.
H : When I bought those  this  version, cuz Plantronics makes uh you know, an in-the-ear one.
H : But if, uh,
F : Whereas I used speech recognition for about four years  these,  this.
C : Really? So you could actually produce like code or - ?
B : Code!  Right.
H : Yeah.
A : The market is a captive market.
F : Anyway.
F : you  your  project?
A : the - the - the original project looks a lot  your  project. I mean, basically we set up with this, uh,
A : the - the - the meeting - the - the mediated   spaces idea in general and then incr- incarnated in this room that will be mediated somehow by, you know, a computer to access information, to help along the meeting, and will be like two kind of
A : similar  Switchboard  but with
A : you know, but worse,
F : Worse acoustics. Yeah.
A : we didn't dare to say it will be just in a P_D_A you throw in the middle of a meeting.
A : That - that  was daring.
C : Hmm. Mmm.
F : taping out and working  specified,  speech  recognition algorithms which is non-trivial.
A : Whatever. I mean, initially you may do a super-computer  real time and then -
F : Right, I mean, so - so one of our -
F : our back off policy  I_RAM  is it'll be a wireless link,
A : you know, we  said,
A : "don't worry about the - the compute power". I mean, it will be somewhere, you know.
F : can   go wrong and you lack control.
F : I think the P_C revolution has shown  yourself.
F : And so the I_RAM project provided us a method  of
A : that we have somehow in speech.  And basically,
F : Right, so the - so for us
F : the Meeting Recorder project
F : Me personally,  D  way  and seeing
A : Oh.  I see. You really are challenged to do that,
A : and, you know, some  something,
F : As I said, the Meeting Recorder project,  so we have people at U_W, people here working on robust algorithms that will be running on work stations. They won't be running on I_RAM.
F : And then what I'm  trying to do is see how much of it I can put on I_RAM.
A : performance. And no matter how much processing you throw in,  you don't get
F : That's right, we don't even know what to do  with it. We don't need to n-
H : Yeah.
A : And then you have room to port whatever you can  to, you know, smaller devices.
B : You get the wrong answer quicker  don't  you? Yeah.
A : Yeah.
H : Right.
H : it's goo- it's a good property for us that there are a lot of different things you could do with it, and so it's - We - we haven't  thought it through.
A : Yeah. Always @@ .
F : And he has a very good system  for that and - and he wants to use this corpus.
A : But - but you know, in - in the other  situation, you know.
H : Yeah.
F : Right? You have a very easy problem and you can get the  right answer,
F : to  those  things.
C : Right. You - you do  need to figure out the number of speakers in the waveform.
F : That's  good.
C : We - Well, I mean -
C : We will also run so- some part of that, uh, evaluation too  but probably not that segmentation part.
C : While I say "Switchboard", s- eh, of course there's only two speakers.
F : So, uh, what we - what we  were working on here was parts of Broadcast News.
F : And so that - that's a slightly strange  task because they tend to be long segments. But they were -
F : didn't do t- tremendously  well.
F : And then the other  problem also was that it doesn't handle overlap very well, his algorithm.
G : So they, you know if you were listening to an interview that sounded like this,  radio.
D : But the - but the worst - the worst case is Politically Incorrect where they don't really make any adjustments at all. And - and it's hard to even follow what they're saying. It's just - it's truly totally overlapped.
G : Uh-huh.
A : Yeah. Uh, yeah. I've heard that - that - that sometimes. But it's - it's O_K , though.
A : They - I  am pretty sure they do. I mean, it's -
B : They will  bit.  Yeah.
H : But it @@  - bu-
A : it's still,  you know, understandable.
D : My feeling is that when I - when I - when I've seen  that show it's like there - there are sometimes people who totally take over the floor and other people are trying to get in, and they can never - never get access.
B : Gets a little boost.
A : to speak on top of another one.
G : Yeah, I was thinking, if Transcriber were invented in Italy or something,
G : it would have been handling multiple - in New York.
A : Yeah.
D : Or in New York - or in New York, high involve   - high in- high involvement style.
F : good way of saying it.
B : There i- yeah, indeed.
A : in terms of resources to that. My personal opinion, if you ask, is that we should  because
A : the only way - I mean, if I learn anything  @@  -
F : More data is better.
A : No, no, no. Um, you need  task
A : Switchboard,  for instance. They have five is kind of - O_K, you have two people talking, it's the closest thing. But
A : And that- that's a way to improve. And then you do improvement on that  particular database.
A : So even if we don't collect the data to train  models,
F : So what would be nice  is if we could,
F : uh, converge on - on formats and conventions, and so on, and software. I mean, just -
G : And - and software too. I mean, things like rewriting this Transcriber tool and thi- that - That  shouldn't be re- redone.
F : I, uh - uh - It shouldn't be done.
F : there's some  do  for  us
A : Oh, you already  got some.
F : So - so that's part  I_RAM  group.
F : and so they - they basically wanted stuff anyway.  And then they just sort of allowed us to direct the audio portion of it to what we needed.
G : Well, anyway,
A : You are  on the line.
A : This would never  go away!
G : There's funding, eh.
H : I - I can pause  say  something that - that's sensitive. I mean -
G : Um, I'll tell you later.
H : Yeah.
F : And to our listening audience.
A : Yeah.
B : That's
A : You know, maybe thousands  of people are listening to us now because it's in the future, but, you know, sequentially maybe thousands.
G : Well, it does sort of make you -
H : That's right. It's so funny, like we close the door and it's -
G : Normally a note taker would know not to do that . O_K.
D : What I can do is say, la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la.
H : Yeah.
D : I know, but we can blend it for the public.
G : do something.  I guess, I - My interest was sort of in the language and dialogue m- modeling, and the turn overlaps, and
F : Feedback.
G : Anyway, apparently,  I  do,
G : monopoly  on that. Mar- I mean, once you get three sites
G : And according to Morgan it's like
F : That it's certainly not any sort of intellectual property issue where we're perfectly willing to give people
H : Oh, well.
H : The same - it might be the same company or it might be a different company. There's another  also  has a - apparently has purchased a very -
H : Um, and so if we - if they could lend  doing  these kinds of recordings. I mean that you know, that like you said, the fundamental thing is
H : it doesn't have  hardware.  idea  that you have multiple channels to synchronize data and then the post-processing can be uniform and stuff like that, so.
F : And it would also - it would be really nice
E : hadn't  mentioned is, um,
E : uh  I'm  um,
E : is e- is having this situation where people are talking to each other and talking to
E : a computer in the machine - in - in the room.
B : That's gonna be @@
E : that's certainly  what's gonna come out of, uh, of our group first.
F : So - so are you gonna m- uh, i- is there gonna be some sort of mark  for that?
F : I mean, are they gonna say, "Computer, bring up a web page on -" or - ?
F : I'm just thinking, from a discourse point of view it'd be very interesting to somehow  mark
H : Right.
B : Well, there might be a different style  of, um - a different, actually, style of interaction. Yeah.
G : So, it - uh -  there are very -
F : "Computer, show me a web page on X_," return.
B : Yeah.
G : Very interesting.
H : But it's like, you know, if it really was  an intelligent assistant sitting there you could say,
H : I should - I should do  something now."
F : Are you talking to me?  you  me?
G : But there might  be, uh, neat ways you can do this that are not natural but they become very easy, and that -
D : So like saying, like "Hal?"
E : Yeah. So. Right. So we wanna - we wanna look at exactly  those sorts of things.
A : Erase that part.
E : of - of us, at least in the beginning,  is gonna have a number of different characteristics. It's not going to be natural. It's not gonna be a regular meeting. It's gonna be an artificial situation cuz we're gonna have to, you know, mock up some back-end.
G : But you can still  collect the multiple microphones in a similar way and transcribe, and th-
E : But -
G : That'd be cool  actually.
H : what is there that's gonna be uniform  about this collection?
H : and  uh, environmental mikes.
H : as long as that makes sense,  nice  tasks,  right? To have sort of, you know, different -
E : and large vocabulary speech recognition over the thing, then it doesn't matter that  much which,
G : these other devices. I mean, you were talking about the Penn
G : the formatting  is really one of the biggest -
G : issues. You know, not - not the f- transcript  formatting but the audio formatting and the
F : X_M_L, that solves everything.
G : figuring out how to synchronize  all of these,
G : um, pieces.
F : I- I'm not sure what - wh- I mean what's a good solution than that other than trying to keep in touch  with each other.
G : Or meetings like this  about  the meetings. You know, with a -
A : Yeah. database
G : Even if we don't make any decisions we'll have a lot of data.
H : That's right.
A : But it will be all documented.
G : Sorry.
B : Yes.
E : Yeah, actually we could do that at our site too  even though that's not what I'm normally gonna be collecting, but there's no reason we can't collect that, and, uh, then you'd have a more -
F : When you're talking about your artificial meetings, i- they are  goal  this.
F : Oh. will  be different.
E : Um, I think it's mainly - It's partly  channel limitation because we wanna - we wanna double mike everybody.
E : It's also  think  when even Liz was, uh, involved a little while ago with - and Christine I think just in terms of the
E : thinking of the subjects and trying to have enough people. We sort of wanted to,   you know, encourage like everybody to talk, try to figure out some way that everybody would be able to participate and -
B : Two of  @@ . Yeah.
E : we're not uh planning to do anything with - with all that like right away.  So if there were - is there - you know, we - h- we're happy to take input on that.
D : Is it the three, I see , mm-hmm.
E : And also,  I very much wanna find out about the, you know, the specs on the board that you have in the ma- in the - i- in the P_C_I card cuz I think we might wanna go with that.
D : I wanna ask one question though . So is - is it the same three people each time or a different three people?
E : Yeah.
B : And do you have the same agenda, although there's a  goal? Is there one goal or several goals?
B : Because that'll would be more interesting data if there is like -
E : In a given - in a given meeting?
B : I mean, a budget meeting is a classic example, of where every comes in pursuit of a different goal.
E : What we're try- what we're trying to do is not make it too - eh you know, not make it too, um, ar- artificial. You know, not like say, "O_K, mmm, let's role play. Your, y-" you know, "you do this, you wanna -" but rather give them an actual task.
E : So everybody has things that they like an- and, uh -
A : Well, some peo- people speak with their mouth full, you know that's a @@ .
E : But a lot of the - None of that.
A : Delete that part.
F : Y- getting - getting coffee on these is definitely a bad thing.
C : Not with these
G : Oh, right. Yeah.
A : uh,
A : the
F : Wizard of Oz.
A : And so it  will be a real computer recognition.
A : O_K, O_K, O_K. Uh-huh.
E : Yeah.
B : In th-
F : Well, we'll definitely need to do both.
B : Cuz that's actually my  interest at the moment, so.
H : Well, also,  I mean, I - I - I suspect that it may - we may not
F : uh, I said if I had known we were having this meeting I would have done  this before,
E : for - for - for our different - for - for this, um, endpointing stuff.
E : Yeah.
H : Hang on. You mean, you ne-
F : uh, you combine them   together, and you do a little better.
A : Things like that.
H : It's something like  tens  tens  of hours of data, I think. Yeah.
F : So our initial plan for ICSI  was to do forty hours.
F : And then U_ W  additional  hundred  hours if they have the money.
G : Mmm.
E : We were thinking   with. It's about -
D : Well, the other  too  is, I mean, i- if - if you have the equipment then, i- i- it could be different. Then the recording is easy and maybe - maybe they -
F : Yeah, recording  it's easy.
G : Yeah, recording  is - Right.
F : It's transcription  that's a pain.
A : So - so -
E : Oh, the - Right. That's actually, that's the other  thing. We weren't -
A : Yeah.
F : O_K, but you have to put on a - You have to put on a mike.
A : So - so, clear-
H : I think we've run it - well, uh.
F : Oh.
F : We're out of mikes.
D : I'd give you my  mike.
B : It's not a speaker phone is it?
F : Don't - don't switch mikes. Don't switch mikes. That's way
G : But perhaps the company - a company that might, uh. Yeah. There -
E : If you wanted - if you wanted to transcribe, @@  @@  you'll be fine.
F : I didn't know whether I should name the company that may be providing us transcription or not.
A : If you doubt, don't do it.
G : But it, um, and there will be a lot of
E : So what is the company? I heard a "sh-".
F : we've been trying to work with them for a while on these projects and they don't - it's hard for them to give us money
F : but they - they seem to be willing to give us time.
A : you know, a benefit for everybody.
D : Should we - should we interpret what he says? Morgan says -
A : Morgan said yes.
G : Oh,
F : That's right.
F : Morgan says thumbs up.
D : There we go.
G : Right, right.
G : kinds  of conversations is really helpful too because -
F : say  acoustic  models will be very similar.
F : The language  models probably won't be.
F : Yeah, I - if it's Wizard of Oz  I think it will be.
G : Yeah, if it's very good, that's true.
E : On the language model we're -
H : Hmm, right.
F : The language model will be  - certainly be different but -
E : It's - it's - it's hand-coded. Because we need - we need  to write the natural language grammar anyway to understand.
F : Right, if you wanna interpret it you uh  need to do -
F : So what's your time frame look like for -
F : doing meetings, actually starting to record  some?
A : Yeah. I mean,
F : Mm-hmm.
A : well, indeed.  @@  should be working
A : you know, develop the systems to an @@ .
F : Well the - the reason I'm asking is that it's certainly better to get in early  with standards, and data formats, and conventions.
G : Right. That's actually why I called this meeting, cuz i- I mean, you're both working on it and with, you know, different sampling rates, and these  silly things like that.
E : And we have the same sampling rate. do  know is that we're - we're all producing NIST
G : Yeah.
B : Sampling rate in the end.  Yeah.
E : Sphere files in - in, uh, eh in the standard format.   end  through  we're actually using some very, very similar stuff.
G : NIST headers.
F : Big endian, little endian?
E : And so tha- yeah. @@  Yeah, it's coincidence that it's very fortunate cuz - Yeah.
G : um.
F : Well, but that's - that was coincidence, right?
G : But that - yeah,   yeah. But you have different na- you - we're gonna have different, you know, hardware and - and -
B : not,
G : O_K, so - so.
F : So I - I think probably the biggest  thing
F : would - Well, no that - that wouldn't be true. If you're not gonna transcribe it yourself,
F : then you're not gonna care too much about our transcription conventions.
G : Actually that's - the transcription  Jane  me
G : @@  uh, who are looking at aspects that are sort of -
E : I mean, all those issues yeah I'm sure we - I mean, @@  like I say. I'm - I'm personally not
E : And s- I don't know, maybe we will  end up transcribing stu- if Hor- if Horacio wants, you know, wants that done, maybe that'll be - maybe we'll end up doing that.
G : you know.
F : Yeah.
D : O_K.
F : transcription  conventions, that would be very helpful.
H : Yeah.
G : written the s- the Tcl kluge or something, both  done the same -
B : Can you  do that?
I : Yeah. No, I - it's just that there's no @@ .
I : Oh, at U_ W.  I'm sorry.
I : Let's start off assuming Mari  and if -
I : But I think Mari.
I : as long as I'm talking, lemme -
H : Hmm, @@
F : I was.
I : But  it's not - not really secret. Basically,
I : there's a proposal in to Mari - to uh, tsk I_B_M from Mari and us
I : uh, we didn't have to wait for their proposal process to go through because, since they're interested in supplying  that  cost  them anything.
I : on  to have them do it. It's just a question of people on our end and people on their end talking about what are the mechanics of it and then it will - it will just happen.
I : So we - we had  too,  but I think they're just interested in - as long as everybody's fine -
I : um, at least,  should  be, but
A : Yeah, I - I mean,
A : re- requires a bootstrap.  least  we have to share the data, I mean.
G : I - I mean, I think eventually L_D_C could be very  isn't  one.
G : You can sell  corpora eventually to the L_D_C and you can get time, student time, to clean up the corpus and things.
I : So that s- that requires more thinking and discussion but - but certainly amongst everybody who is helping one another, w- w- why not? And I - yeah .
I : Mike Picheny about, you know, after this m- yeah, get some other briefing later about other things that were said, but uh, assuming that it is what I think it feels like, having walked in ten minutes ago,
I : uh, it seems li- I c- I can't imagine that he'd have any problem with getting even more data than - than he thought he was.
D : I wanted to ask one question about the - the nature of the design. Th- Given that the overlaps are up - up uh, where the difficulty comes, in a   bunch of a- areas,
D : um, whether it would be useful to have some  them   to vary,
D : but you'd cut down substantially on the overlaps. It wouldn't be f- for all  meetings but whether maybe just sprinkled through there once in a while, something like that might be useful or not. Just wanted to raise that.
E : I mean, s- it - tho- those - those kinds of things are sorta the kind of things that we were thinking of - of trying,  set-  environment again.
E : incredibly difficult data of overlapping.
E : sh- she's  can  can  reliably  do and without too much, you know, cognitive load,
E : I don't know. Maybe it's something that could fit easier in - in our  context than in a general meeting context. I don't know.
F : Well I think that -
D : Well, what I can say is that wha- sometimes,  you know, if - if - if we were to have this kind of coordination thing,
D : without knowing that other people have the same desire at the same point in time. And if - and if you were to have someone who was like a moderator, then you raise your hand, the moderator would  say, you first, you know, or yeah, press the button.
E : Just have a button.
E : And ring the buzzer.
D : And - and I think, you know, there are always gonna be backchannels, I think that's natural and lovely. But these - these overlaps that are due to people n- not knowing other people wanna leap in at the same time and - and wanting  Not  eliminated entirely.
F : Hmm.
F : you know, Robert's rules of order and all that.
F : Uh, so that's not something we had thought  about before but I think it - it - it certainly is another
F : So that's another thing we should talk  about, is making sure that we're doing it in the same way.
E : We - For a - t- for a completely different reason I assume but -
I : Yeah, I mean, in our case it was just that, uh, since everything - e- everything on every level about this task is difficult, we thought we'd s- some
F : Yeah, if I had known  digits  in but -
H : Yeah.
G : in conversation or - or individ-
H : Yeah, yeah. We - we give people a list of digits and they have to like put them into their discussion, like say, "Five, one, seven, seven, three."
F : No, no, I have people read them.
F : Seven.
G : I was thinking -
C : You- you're encouraged to, you know, just utter digits once in a while.
G : Never mind, I'm getting attacked.
A : You say, "hey, by the way, eight!
I : No we have set-  @@ .
I : No, but as long as we have this same space  the  time that they're there.
E : And so I'm loo- interested in - in - well , in- interested in looking at prosody. Um,
I : Yeah, so that's a different deal. Here  amortizing  their time, but also,
I : you have the same room setup, you have the same microphone setup, and - but now you have s- you have something we actually usually
H : And people read through them. And you know, we're saying, well we won't to be able to separate them so please pause between but it's very - people don't like doing  that.
H : And so there is  prosodic  thing which is - which is indicating when -
H : whe- the pauses between these digit strings. And then when they finish, the actual - the whole sheet,  @@  And it -
G : If - you   definitely shouldn't use your last sample. I mean, people that do prosody work, they add a few at the end because otherwise people will -
F : So.
H : Oh right.
G : No, but that  that  beautiful  zero  floor
G : for each of the speakers. Just  that.
I : You don't necessarily throw it away, but -
G : Your - your junk is our, uh, training  data.
F : And -
G : you know, the lexicon version, uh.
E : Funny.
I : then after I had a chance to sleep on it, I went, "Wait a minute" it's - it's a really good idea.
F : Hmm.
D : Mm-hmm.
G : You should definitely - it's some kind of calibration,  many  of these tests.
F : The only thing I don't  like about it is that it's not phonetically very rich,
G : Well, you could have T_I - you know, "she put her dirty laundry in the clean - clean bathwater", whatever.
F : Yeah, that's right, TIMIT.
I : @@
I : plenty  bad.
I : @@
E : And what are these - what are the digit strings - are from T_I digits   uh -
D : That's right, this -
F : Yeah. But what were they?
C : One two three four.
E : O_K, yeah, I've never looked over the T_I-digits corpus, I don't know .
H : Yeah.
F : That's like the TIMIT sentences.
G : Right.
D : I know the numbers that were used but I don't remember the combinations.
B : In  one ear.
F : Using X_- X_Waves, Tcl-T_K, Perl, and maybe some C_ programs too.
F : I - I print them out a- a- as I need them. So what I should do is just print out a whole stack and leave them   up here but I haven't done that.
H : them   on a web page.
I : We could do a string perhaps @@  @@ .
G : Eh yeah  them   - write something on the board and, I don't know.
B : @@
H : I - @@
F : And so if we're short on digits I can just, you know, capture people in the hallway, drag them   them   read digits for me.
I : As long as they come to our h- hallway more often but -
F : That's right.
D : Oh, can you bring them   up from the - no, O_K.
D : I wanted to ask about also the air  off  in some of these meetings or is it always gonna be on?
H : We should do that cuz y- you can  turn it off on that - that thing right there and it makes a huge difference.
F : the - the hum we hear right now is actually the projector,  much  louder than the air conditioning.
G : A- all right.
D : Yeah, but I was just thinking, he was showing it - on what he showed us on the web site, you could see the contribution of the air conditioning. And I just wondered if that was gonna be sometimes clear .
E : meeting or - or - or is  it? Do - is this normally gonna be on during collection?
B : It -
E : For ours it will
B : It actually  microphone  way.  Doesn't it?
F : Oh, look! Digit strings.
G : Modern technology.
A : Oh, I  see.
D : I think I recognize  those.
