E : But, I mean, also,  to get the - do - you - you - what you said about - is i- is it close - ?
G : @@  Just - just - So it should be right about there.
G : And then you can look on the screen, and if you see breath noise, in other words, when you're breathing, if you see it going up and down a lot, then move it a little further away from - from your nose.
C : Hello.
E : It's interesting.
C : Hello. That's good.
E : Hello? Yeah.
G : O_K. @@
E : so - is so - i- it's like  Thanks very much. Thanks very much. Alright.
E : uh, share with you a couple of the
E : I have an example
C : O_K. @@  Not sure.
B : Oh, there's - Hold on.
E : so there're a couple of examples. I have one in front of you which is the one where, um,
E : Leah - Leah  noticed this one where I said something and, um, the
E : transcriber interpreted it as "twosome gruesome, uh, different sizes different this", and, um, actually what I meant to say was
E : um, "so you're saying groups of different sizes, different size groups?" Yeah. I- I -
A : Wow!
E : It's really enormously far away. Now this - this could  bad.
E : but they're not usually that bad,
F : Mm-mmm.
E : the person said, "interesting idea", but Tigerfish thought it was, "uh, just an idea". Now that changes the meaning.
C : Right.
E : And then there are various ones like, um, um, "ish decay" instead of "H_T_K".
D : Ugh!
E : And now this  one -
E : " Ish  parentheses  -
C : "Ish decay."
A : Mm-hmm.
E : well, and this - this would be consistent. So, uh, it was transcribed as "with H_", but it was really "with age". Yeah.
A : Uh-huh.
E : changes the meaning. So, this is - the- these are things that Barbara show- uh, found. "Spurts wouldn't be right" was what it looked
A : Hmm.
E : A-
E : It is  And instead of - instead of "and it's"
A : Annette's?
E : Now this - this is interesting because it's like, you know, we know that there's no Annette on any of the meetings we've ever dealt with,
C : Right.
E : Well this was - O_K, so it should have been "the quals w- the - the quals slides will be fine".
E : And, uh, instead it was transcribed with "the" and then an uncertain syllable "the - the" and then " all  the slides will be fine".
F : Oh.
C : Ah.
E : So " all  Yeah.
E : these  sorts of things, I was thinking it would be interesting to do an analysis of these things because I think that,
E : but it shows espec- specifically this - to this task, that it's very constructive. You're not going on simply the auditory there's a huge  contribution from the top-down processing,
E : And the other  thing I think that's interesting is,
E : um, do  preserve certain aspects of the stimulus. So,
E : the stress  content  word will be substituted for another content word,
E : It's - it's not surprising  that they would hear this. I'm o- I'm often surprised by how -
E : how plausible  something can be with - without it being correct.
E : But, uh. O_K. Now having said that I'm - I'm impressed by h-
E : well, how infrequent  these -
E : these
F : We had talked about this last week,
F : Saying "so" at the end of something. And sometimes that would get transcribed as -
F : O_K, let's say I say, "Well, that would be hard to do,  so."
F : O_K, right? And the way I  would transcribe it, I would put that
F : Right.  meaning.  And - and it changes the meaning, I think.
E : you're  Um,
F : "So that would be a problem.
E : I  see what you're saying!
F : um, "That would be a problem, so."
F : "That would be a problem.
C : It - it -
A : I think the second one where the "so" is all by itself, it's like, "So that would be a problem. You know, the "so" is like
F : Some-
A : disconnected from the - Yeah, the first one is - like, the "so" is connected to the sentence, and - "That'd be a problem, so." You know, it's - but the next one is like
A : not - not connected to "that would be a problem". It's like, "So." Yeah, less -
C : a period after that "so". I  might actually either put a dash after it depending on whether or not they got unt- interrupted or something, or I would maybe even act as though they were, um, just trailing off.
C : like, I'll do that. Cuz to me  it sounds more like they're trailing off.
A : Sometimes, though, it does
A : You know, but I never usually put period and then new word "so" unless it's like, end of the sentence and then, " So.
D : "What are we gonna do now,  say  that.
E : if that's a f- nice full falling intonational contour on "that's a problem", "eh, that'll be a problem".
E : then I would think that there should  be a period there.
D : Yeah.
E : And then especially  y-  these things are correlated but they're not perfect.
D : Yeah.
A : Yeah. That's always one of the hardest parts   about the native speakers, is you don't know exactly like how to do the punctuation because their intonation is totally different.
E : You mean non-native
C : And also if you're a non-native speaker transcribing it, you wouldn't necessarily kn- uh, kn- understand the conventions of English t- intonation as, you know, intimately as a native speaker might.
D : Well, I would hope  they would have native speaker transcribers
E : Ideally, wouldn't that be something. I- ideally it would be nice to have like a Spaniard t- tran- transcribing the -
D : No, that's not what I meant, but that would be cool. No, what I meant was that I would hope that, for
D : meetings in English you would have native speakers transcribing  it because it - you would have more intuitions about what should be there. Even if you can't fully
A : Mmm, not "twosome gruesome".
D : No, not "twosome gruesome".
D : Sometimes,  parentheses.
A : Yeah. Yeah, sometimes they p- they usually put them in prethen- parentheses, and you think to yourself, "You were way
D : Yeah. Yeah.
F : Yeah. I just wonder, like, what influences them   to think of "twosome gruesome", like maybe this person just saw a horror movie or something? And,
F : uh, this is the interpretation that came to mind or something?
D : I don't know where the rest  of it came from.
C : g- Group.
C : "Groups of", "gruesome".
C : Yeah. If you - if for some reason they didn't hear the "F_", if they didn't hear the "fuh", it might just sound like - Yeah, "grou-" uh, "gruesuh".
A : Yeah. It's both labial at the end.
F : Mmm-hmm.
C : You know. And then you would kind of have to come up with some sort of consonant and maybe it's an " M_
D : "Groups of" -
D : "Group of, groups of, groups
C : "Fff". Because also, I mean, "F_" is
A : Gruesome
C : "Fff".
C : "Fff".
D : I wonder where the " P_ " went, though?
C : Right. "Fff". Because it's -
A : Maybe the "P_" wasn't pronounced very well, like "groups of"
F : "Pss".
C : bilabial   you know, you'll
C : di- uh, or interl- interdental, "fff".
C : you know, it's close enough, I guess, to "mmm", you know. You're getting the closure of the lips. So maybe that's
C : what they were do-
A : Yeah, that's  hard,  th-
E : Very surprising.
F : getting transcribed on another channel
F : is, uh - is much  more common.
C : Well, maybe it's because they don't realize that
C : Jane, and I realize it's not a female  channel,
D : They probably don't even know how many people are at the meeting, or w- anything.
D : Wow. We're - we're really spoiled,  then, with our
F : Fancy-schmancy.
D : interface  here,  right?
E : That would make - that would make some sense.
F : um, than their own channel. Um, for w- you know, it's an acoustic  thing.
D : Or they just tend to sp- peak louder, maybe?
C : in, um,
C : And so that's why they use male voices. We  talking
E : I  see.
D : sometimes it's hard to hear.
B : And now
D : Yeah. Those are - i- a- w- actually probably just the computer problem not the gender problem.
C : @@
E : Huh. So - so this means that people with hearing  problems would hear, uh, uh, one of these announcements
C : squished down like in a certain place where it would be
C : n- easier for a person with normal,
C : um, hearing to hear a male's voice,
C : you know, male voices, uh, in a normal hearer, then they might not be able to. You know. Does that make sense? Like if that part is damaged. So, but, um -
C : uh, kind  raspy,  I mean,
E : Is better?  band
E : She asked this question last time which was, um, whether
E : uh, transmissions at a  certain point. Cuz, you know, telephone transmissions, um, there's some filtering going on. You don't hear the full - the full band of frequencies.
E : It was intere- an interesting - it's reminded me because of the comment about noise,  noise being sp- really spreading frequencies across,
E : uh, using frequencies across a broader spectrum.  increase  distortion  that we have.
E : But it's n- it's not
E : a useful  in frequency range.
C : Right. Yeah. I was just saying that   it, like, you know, sometimes, um,
C : if - Remember I was saying, like, if there's a discrepancy between fricatives, you know, like, um, "shuh" will show up in a certain part of the spectrum, and -
C : and, uh, oftentimes the "fuh" is
D : By filtering or something?
D : So what was the answer here?  not  the case?
E : That they - that they don't.  We don't have a reduction
A : Oh.
E : That, uh, I mean, you know, one could  and another -
E : there is sort of an upper limit  sampling  rate
E : @@
E : uh, certain types that they - when - what their speech recognition approach is because  of the - of the filtering.
E : I mean it does  I  except  for the distortion parts,
E : And he was saying in the - in the, uh, areas where you have clipping, where it's recorded too high, and - and it starts to saturate and you have trouble, um -
E : You have these - y- y- you still have - The frequencies are represented but the energy distributions are thrown off,
C : in the case of something with clipping, does it - were you saying that, uh - it - it increases to - or, expands to accommodate  that? Or, no?
E : No, technically, the bandwidth is wider
D : In the - earlier  meetings I guess, there was a lot of spikes, or what I called spikes.
D : is.  I don't even know if it's relevant or useful to know, but I'm just curious.
E : which was, um, mechanically bad  touched,  it would s- it would send an impulse,
D : Loose. Yeah.
E : an irrelevant non-wanted artifact.
D : Cuz those ones  sometimes were
A : Painful. Yeah.
E : I agree. Absolutely painful.
E : Exa- I agree. And that's - that's th- you know, I would watch the visual sis- signal to avoid  It's like -
C : I do  remember those, actually.
D : Yeah, and like not listen to them.
D : Or just uh s- -
C : Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember I had one.  One with that and it was just, al- all the time. Yeah.
C : Especially  also  louder  too,  and
E : Oh!
E : Yeah. That's really awful. You've noticed that those have gotten better over the intervening - ? Good.
F : something coming up like, "Uh-oh. Someone's gonna cough really loudly", and I could tell  laugh  really loudly",
E : Oh. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
F : um - yeah, and then you're just sort- you've got like - you know speech  in there, I don't think I need to listen that carefully.
A : Mm-hmm.
A : Mm-hmm.
C : Take one off, or something.
D : to above  normal volume just so I can hear more clearly, and if it's like that for someone screeching into the microphone than it would be really painful.
C : Right.
D : Yeah, that's  -
E : yeah, when I realized, I - I meant to tell everyone  to watch that visual signal cuz that's -
D : Yeah, I mean, it's very useful in like all  senses cuz -
D : It's very good.
F : Yeah, you have to - the resolution, right? So.
A : You know what I  would think would be a really n- um, neat feature for the interface?
A : go up and do it manually, and, you know, press the button and "juh-juh-juh-juh-juh-juh-juh". and you wanna go back to it, it's such a -
A : such  a hassle. It'd be so nice if there was just some sort of like, you know,
F : Hmm.
D : But it would play  too.
A : I know. It w- you wouldn't even have to have  the audio. That's not - I wouldn't - I mean -
E : Interesting.
F : Right, cuz sometimes you'll hear - It'll be in - right  thing  first  part.
A : Yeah, some timebins are humongous,  and
A : if you miss  find  it, and
F : Hmm. Yeah.
E : Interesting idea. I'll - I'll s- I'll suggest that to the charer .
D : Yeah, because I noticed I  started feeling like I was getting some sort of carpal tunnel issues.
F : Yeah, you were having some wrist  problems and stuff, right?
D : I think cuz I had my hand in one position using  it all the time.
D : And that I would - it would crack a lot. It was very weird.
E : That's  - it's good to be careful about the mousing. You were gonna say?
D : But.
C : Yeah.
C : I- s- Oh, yeah. Um, something - Um, maybe I just don't know how  back
C : or even forward, I'll use the mouse, the middle -
D : Oh.
A : Mmm. Really?  I  keyboard.
C : Oh. y-
A : and then "shift" "backspace". That's - that's  I  all  on the keyboard.
F : Oh.
C : O_K. To me  longer  mouse.
E : Yeah.
D : Oh. Do you drag - do you drag the line? See, I never - I never do  that for some reason.
B : I didn't n- even - even know you could
E : If I can see  see  so  clear, it's that mountain right there, I can tell,
E : then - yeah, dragging is really f- efficient. But if it's like a mess  in there, then it helps me to be able to locate it with
A : Right.
F : Mmm.
D : the "shift-backspace" as the collapser.
A : Mm-hmm.
A : And - and then collapse it. I did that so
A : Yeah. That would  be nice.
B : Oh, that'd be good. That would be good.
E : Because I have had that happen.
D : but, or just to change the keys  used, you know, for - for that option.
A : Yeah. I'm rather used to it now,  though. Yeah.
C : But then when you go to type on your keyboard at home,
A : Mm-hmm. You're so scared, yeah.
C : do you do this too? I'm so  scared.
A : To - to hold shift down while you're backspacing?
C : Like I
C : I won't do it.
A : "
C : I'm just like, "What am I doing?
A : I totally do that now.
D : I don't think I'm that
C : Yeah, yeah.
F : Oh yeah, I do  school  computer and so I'll al- I'll just be -
C : Uh-huh.
A : and the - th- yeah, that little evil
D : Yeah, I do that too.
F : Oh yeah, and then I'll keep - I keep caps-locking too cuz the caps-lock's  in a different spot.
C : Oh.
E : How do you get per- I don't know the evil apostrophe.
A : yeah, it's one of the backspaces on the keyboards that most of us are probably used to. So you wanna backspace and you get apostrophe, apostrophe, apostrophe, apostrophe. Yeah, t- you're like, "No!"
D : It's just th- right above the backspace.
E : Oh,   oh!
C : Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
F : Oh! Yeah, I do that all the time.
C : Yeah. But then, like, I think there's a different keyboard on
C : always  forget th- oh, Linguine, than on, um -
C : I- i-
C : But the last couple times, like, you've stolen Linguine before I can get to it. fine.  But then like, um, it takes me a good, like, ten minutes to get re-used to that keyboard. And so I keep -
F : I don't know. You seem very upset about it, so. We - maybe we should trade.
E : versus the - So let's put it the other way. How many people would not  vote for the SUN keyboard?
C : Yeah. Or no!
E : Uh-oh.
C : I like the Linguine keyboard.
E : The Linguine   is - O_K.
E : You're multi-keyb-
F : Is Basmati.
E : the one on the left is that  Basmati? O_K.
A : It's the one in - in that  corner, right? That - that has the P_C -
A : Yeah, r- Yeah, that's - that one's got the - the P_C keyboard, and then the two on those sides have the, um, SUN  keyboard.
D : Yeah.
E : if you have a strong - Now you're bi-keyboardal   so,
A : Uh, yeah.
E : s- but -
C : Nice.
E : who - who would prefer the keyboard on Linguine?
B : Ready.
D : I just am very  used to -
E : I pr- I see. I - I have experienced this keyboard conflict, and f- with me the things that are confusing are th- where the control  key is, so I end up
A : Oh, that's true. forgot  about that one, yeah.
F : Mmm.
E : I could easily put  keyboard  in  there if anyone had - I - we already have one, I could add ane- another one - we - so, w-
E : you know, maybe - let me know if you want it -  to have it shifted.
E : Oh, let me see. So, um, I - I wanted to,
E : really been surprised  by is how
E : unique the shapes  marking  numbers,
E : I've forgotten - Someone said that they could recognize a seven  Becau-
C : Oh yeah.
D : I - I remember  recognizing certain numbers. I don- mmm, I don't remember which
D : and "seven" o- both had the same characteristics to their - in the beginnings. But "six" and "eight"?
D : "Eight", um, I remember
D : And when they did,  it was slightly
D : The "X_", well the "K_S" or whatever, at the end. But - Yeah.
D : It's a very different interface,  though. I mean, it seems very
E : Mm-hmm. It is  different.
E : of it - So, this - this was to handle the digits, uh, only,  which is what you figure. And, um, did you - I thought you might have done that, Joel. Did you also? So, two people did that, i-
A : Nn-nnn. No.
E : Did you  do it? I thought so. Good, good. O_K.
F : I  little.
F : Just a little  bit.
D : Yeah, I only did it  a little bit, too.
F : Yeah, what happened
E : Well, I think that we'll bring it back.
E : @@
E : Uh, Adam  wrote this as - uh, using the same, uh, computer language as Channeltrans is written in,
E : and what it would do is present you with the digit string that the person was supposed  to have said,
E : and then you would listen  to it, and everyth- the j-
E : and to indicate, you know, in the - i- transcribe errors of it. And then the other  aspect was to tighten the timebins.
E : and it's very clear. You know what the canani- canonical answer is when a person says a number,
E : So.
E : But i - it was, um, really rather minimal. I mean, I - I like  interface.   Very efficient, and really is, um -
D : If I remember correctly, it seemed to be very efficient in the key  strokes that you used
F : Yeah the hardest thing'd be finding  them.
F : Cuz I would get the whole tr- I'd get the whole transcript  meeting  find  find  digits
E : Oh, that's right!
A : Oh wow.
F : And they'd usually be at the end  look  for them, so.
C : Oh.
E : I also  some  hadn't  transcribed,  so I don't think you could use a string search, right? I mean, I was trying to remember how that worked.
D : Yeah.
E : Well, y- it was also,  like you -
E : That's a down side.
E : also  did a different type of transcription i- uh, with res- respect to, um,
E : our sister  project, the SmartKom project, which involved listening to people
E : So, um - someone else did that too, I've forgotten who - who else  did that? Did anybody else here do that?
D : checking  or something on that.
E : Actually, I think you  might have done this also, as I think about it.
E : Oh.
A : Yeah.
B : Mmm.
E : One  away  anything.
E : go up  huge  space of time and things covering several screens and it's just horribly
D : Yeah.
A : Yeah.
D : One  still  can't figure out with the interface,
D : it does this sometimes but other times it doesn't,
D : and it goes along as you're listening to the meeting and then it ends up the end. And if you click on that bar to
D : frames
C : That kind  of makes sense because - Yeah, i-
D : and then in - n- sometimes i- it wouldn't,  and maybe i- maybe I had resolution set differently or I s-
C : Cuz, yeah, if the s- the resolution - If it's moving too slowly  -
C : then, like, if you were to click on some place then it makes sense that it would
D : ry  try  scan  can't  because
E : Cuz you end up missing  frames.  Ye- I was surprised by that. Yeah.
D : it skips. Yeah. So then I end up clicking on the arrow, they have the arrow at the far right,
E : So, on the - on that - on that bar  you were describing. Clicking -
A : I  didn't know about that.
E : So, is this the arrow on the right, it would be underneath  that little resolution bar?
E : I have to do something visually. So, my -
E : I would say you have
E : and then you have a bar. I think you're referring to this  bar, aren't you? And then there's like this little resolution changer.
A : Oh that!  Yeah.
E : So you can @@  -
C : I usually just don't use  that, I think.
A : Yeah, that skips - Oh, is that what you're talking about? If you use that - I've never used  -
C : Oh.
A : been able to use  that cuz it - I s- feel like it skips such huge
D : Maybe we have resolution set totally different. Cuz I noticed when - Jen  and I have totally different resolutions, cuz hers
A : portions.  do.
D : moves so  quicker  than mine,
D : which means it's more stretched out,  right?
E : Oh.  That's interesting. I haven't paid attention to the numbers. I sort of like - visually, i-
A : Right.
C : Yeah.
D : a pause inside of a word or something.
D : So I prefer it to be a little  bit tighter, but I'll stretch - I'll stretch it in a particular place if I need to, or something.
E : I did  I mean -
A : Oh.
F : If there was pie  tarts  again,
F : I'd be like, "Set us  aside  some there." But -
A : No
E : But I did  - I was thinking i- you know, it is interesting to me to think about how each - each of us have sampled different meetings, and
C : Mm-hmm.
D : I don't know, that we have this shared realm of knowledge,  kind of, and
D : Yeah,  technical  interface.
F : jokes, I think. I enjoy always transcribing those sections.
E : Is this - do you think this is usually toward the end of the meeting, or does it vary? Cuz it could -
F : It's - yeah, it to be more at the end.
C : Eah. person.
E : The - the person -
B : Or  in the beginning, the very beginning.
D : Yeah, in the very beginning. Yeah.
E : Do you have a favorite
F : Wait, a favorite what?
F : Meeting Recorder as opposed to E_D_U as oppo- Like, those  groups?
D : I prefer ones that are somewhat  linguistically related, cuz it's more interesting for me.
C : Yeah. And I'm sitting there bored cuz I r- I really have no concept of what they're talking about.
C : So I'm going "O_K." "I'm just gonna listen to you."
D : Yeah.
A : M- yeah, the ones that - where they're talking about linguistic things, though, are great.  I love those. I like those -
C : Yeah.
E : Those are th- E_- would these be the E_D_U meetings? That's what I  think. Is that true?
D : You haven't?
C : That's why I like listening to him. He's always  making fun of transcribers.
E : It would be a kick - Yeah, in a - uh, in a good-natured way @@
E : and then s- be some horrible  @@
C : Yeah, yeah, yeah.
E : Did you hear the meeting where the guy was doing, um, clicks  like from African languages? Wasn't that a kick?
D : No!
F : I  did that.
F : And whistles.
F : and you must have been sitting next  to him cuz you sort of engaged him in a conversation about it.
E : I was. Exactly.
F : And he was like, "Yeah, I can make dogs, uh, raise their ears cuz I can whistle so high."
E : Exactly!
F : And you were like, w- "That's fascinating." I remember that meeting. I thought it was pretty funny.
D : Yeah.
D : "I- I- I- I- I- I- I- I- I-" And it was - I mean it was
C : Oh!
D : kind of sad  interesting  listen  to.
E : a - a g- g- greater frequency of speech errors, I think, during times of inter- of overlap which - which is - you can just tell  a person's m- monitoring at two levels and it's -
C : Right.
D : I don't know.
C : I like transcribing you
E : Oh, thank
C : I - uh, you know. It's just - it's just kind of cute because everybody's like, "Oh. Well, O_K."
C : And they'll just listen to you, you know. They don't interrupt you, they're just like, "Well, O_K."
E : um, surprisingly difficult these days is to co- is to get certain electronic sounds, to try and describe  them. Have - I was thinking about that the other day, it was like - it's like,
D : Yeah.
E : someone in one of these E_D_U meetings, they have a laptop and they hit the thing and the - and there's an error screen that comes up and it has this "doink" kind of sound. And it -
C : Right. Right.
E : What is  that? It's not a beep.
E : It's not s- it's not a "dong". imagine  and -
E : And that's -
C : Now I'm - now I'm just wondering how they're gonna transcribe you  saying  that.
D : Yes.
E : Oh. You mean the voice quality? The - the shift in -
C : The "doink".
B : Bling.
C : Yeah.
A : again!
E : Oh, that thing. Oh th-
A : Stop torturing
B : Let's not make things hard on ourselves
D : I know.
A : Yeah.
E : Yeah. Well and then,  other  things that I think are really interesting, like the vocal changes in character.
A : Sorry.
D : sorry, to - you  that pointed out
D : the problem.  Like you needed to be at the meeting to be able to transcribe correctly, the noise. I think it was Adam was making this really strange noise,
E : "Eech-eech", or something.
E : "Whee-whee".
E : Yes. It was one of these - it was this  kind of deal.
A : Oh yeah, I had that one. Oh yeah.
D : Yeah! Y- yeah!
E : Yes. Oh, yes. And he  meeting.
E : And there was all this meta stuff about - Cuz I was giving a report on what the comments  this,  s- so -
E : "Whee-whee". is what he said.
E : this
A : But they actually had a big list of, like,
E : Yes, that's right. Let's just -
A : things that people had transcribed and then they were reading one - them one by one and being, like, "What's this?  This?  This  this  This  this!
D : y- I had one like that where they were describing the different f- qualities of "uh-huh" and "uh" and "uah"
E : Oh man.
A : -
A : they were just, like, talking about each word,  you know, and they were saying -
A : "uh" when it's "a" I  transcribe  you're  saying "a" or "uh" anymore".
D : Yeah.
E : That was really - it was like m- transcription, a meta-transcription and meta meta meta. @@ .
D : Yeah.
F : Yeah. Cool!
E : You know, I'm really interested in this topic. Would it be a problem if we continued a little bit longer  on this? Or do you need to g- do people need to leave. I don't wanna keep you longer than - Are we O_K?
C : Mm-mmm.
D : Good.
F : like, I had kind of a weird thing happen, and we'd talked  about it. It was when I'd first started working on the project I got this discussion where -
F : this was before we had the different channels,  here  so it was like kind of early on, right?
F : He'd li- and he had brought the microphone with him. And this is without the channelized interface. So you - you have no  all  like in they're own r-
E : Oh my gosh.
D : Oh n-
F : still  room  talking  that,  and, um - Yeah, he had just left the room and
F : gone and made a copy and he still had his microphone on, and then you could hear the - the - the r- the women behind the desk talking to him, and just sort of stuff like that. It was just really bizarre.
E : Dan was adjusting something here and Adam was in the next room,  and,
E : um, Adam says, "So I'll come in here and check the levels," and - and
E : he says  something
E : you don't have  volume  channels,
C : Uh-huh.
E : you don't know  all.  strange.
A : Yeah.
F : Yeah.
E : I- it lead us  - it ta- if we w-
E : It is  true that this is kind of an artificial and i- um,
E : discourse c- aspect, the mixed  boosting  audible.
C : It's interesting cuz like, um, when I'm working late at night,
C : I actually don't feel so lonely because there's so many voices in my head.
E : You mean when you leave  else?
C : I don't feel so lonely because there are like eight people talking to me all at once".
E : How about  are  like eight speakers i- in one meeting. Are those - What are those like? Are -
C : Takes a long time.
C : Sometimes.
D : a - still, a dominant group of speakers and then there are two or three people generally who don't talk at all  except to say their digits or something, or who -
F : Who won't talk.
F : And to breathe.
D : or to breathe and cough and sniff and whatever. Yeah. Yeah. But I - I think that
F : Yeah.
B : Oh, god!
C : Right.
C : One  one  meeting I was transcribing, there were nine - nine speakers,
A : Definitely.
C : times in slow-mo! cannot  I can't listen to this anymore. Oh my god!"
E : I  participated  in. It's- it's like -
A : Mm-hmm.
D : So you've - this is like the tenth
C : it's like a bad dream. It's like, "This is - this is keep happ- this keeps happening to me".
E : Never changes. I'm gonna check out- outside to make sure that we're O_K with the, um
F : Did you guys ever, when - This happened to me  but, um,
E : Is it O_K if we stay for another half hour in this room?
E : Good, thanks.
F : I would leave  here,  and I would transcribe them in my head!
A : Oh really? I still  do that.
C : I still do  that. I still do that. Yeah.
B : No, I don't- Yeah.
C : I would also be really aw- aware of w- how I  was speaking.
C : Cuz I also tend - Like, we were talking about "so". I do  that.
F : Yeah!
C : Like I just, uh, I - g- yeah. I'll - I'll do the same thing as you do, and I -
C : I'll listen to somebody and his or her speech will be particularly idios- idiosyncratic, and
C : I'll go, "Wow, I just - I'm glad I'm not transcribing
D : a lot more  once - when I started transcribing.
D : I  just noticed - and in ge- people in general, that people
F : Yeah.
D : Actually.
C : You know? means  something.
D : it's not all acoustic. I mean, there's other things involved, eye contact, body language, gesture, whatever.
E : That  raises a question. Um, do you think that, um, you would have been considerably
E : helped if we had had  video tapes of these things?
C : Yep. Mhh.
D : And I think there would be a lot more interesting data to analyze later on,
E : Mmm, well, mm-hmm, mm-hmm that's right, cuz you're involved  in gesture research. Mm-hmm.
D : Yeah.
D : And you can really get a feel for the re- interpersonal relationships,
D : which kind of comes into play, maybe not for speech recognition, but for other things, maybe?
C : Yeah.
D : Yeah, you just have to rely on your intonation, and other things like that.
C : And you get so much more aware  of all of it too.
E : That's -
E : I know someone who actually recognizes perfumes  I mean, there's a - there's a blind man in this - in this building, and - and,
E : um, Lila  spoken  yet cuz he just came on the elevator and he says -
E : uh, and then she - then  she said something and he says,
E : "Y- you sp- you've changed your perfume." Yeah, it's pretty interesting. Pretty interesting.
D : That's  pretty amazing.
F : Had  she changed her perfume? Oh, wow.
F : Oof!
D : Hmm.
E : Have you - I - I've learned  several things about having been
E : Wi- i- with the close-talking mikes. This is - this is a new experience. Cuz I have of course been involved in - in this kind  of thing for quite a while, but
E : th- there are several  realize  reliably,  and - some of these are the things like
E : when the mouth opens and the inbreath and stuff and it - and how extremely  visual,  I mean, you can see these - the inbreaths and things. It's - that was really surprising to me, that you -
D : That's something you don't hear in normal speech too. In normal conversations, very  very  loud,
B : Unless - you're on, uh, talking on the phone,  and the phone is -
B : the levels are funny. Then  you hear it. So, th- it's kind of like that.
D : Yeah.
E : u- all these different in- cuz, you know, I mean, we do that all the time with all other - well, lots of other  aspects of the acoustic signal.
E : It sounds like it's a nice smooth melody, but these things are voicing and unvoicing, are tripping in and out, and they don't -
E : The contour is really not nearly  that neat.
F : Right. Yeah - well, yeah, most of the time when we're listening to other people's speech, we're just trying to get the gist.  literally  what people are saying and so,
F : And, uh, it's that top- down  thing again. Just - right? In a way. Just trying to get the, um,
D : before studying linguistics anyways and, uh, definitely before doing transcription, how I tended to look all conversations, and then
D : coming here  and doing this, you have to look at speech in a totally
D : I - and when I tell people what I do  here,
D : I'm like, "No, I don't correct the grammar. I don't erase the "um"'s and "uh"'s, I record all the sighs, and the laughs, and the breaths, and -"
A : Mm-hmm.
D : can relate  to, I guess.
D : Or know about.
E : Mm-hmm. The - I agree. Another  thing that I think is interesting in these meetings is,
E : certain speakers have a tendency to embed utterances in other embed- uh, in other  clear  when you see it -
E : when you hear  contours,  but
E : the words on the page, it's not at all clear. And there are a couple people who do this in particular. I - I  would say
E : it's amazing  fluent  hear  it,
E : complicated  it is when you see the words. Yeah.
C : Indecipherable.
D : And when you think about it, they pick up exactly  where they left off,
A : Mm-hmm.
C : Machines.
E : So, and then of course there are these - these things which I think are also  sounds  people make,
E : which to some  degree is borrowing from comic talk. So,
E : I notice people going, "Pfft" you know, if they're trying to
E : say something is done. The Germans  do this I think in particular.
E : And there are others that we use like  them   down.
C : Yeah, the one I kn- I kn- get all the time is "tsk"
A : Mm-hmm.
D : "tisk".
C : That - people do that one  constantly.  while,
C : just going "tsk-tsk-tsk-tsk-tsk" to himself,
C : or whether he was meaning it in conversat- Sometimes it was really obvious  that he meant it as some sort of vocal cue.
C : um, because he would just always be clicking.
D : not  -
D : because it was always in a g- the one I'm thinking of always came in groups of four or something.
E : I'll ask you who this is later. I don't wanna
E : And i- uh, but it's signaling.  I'm sure that everybody - I'm sure that other people can hear it. So it's sort of like, "Wait a minute, I'm thinking."
A : I don't think I've  ever heard it.
F : I've heard "
F : I was marking "lipsmack", and - and you  said -
D : That's more like the " @@
B : Ah.
C : The one you're  talking ab-
F : and - and you said, "Don't do  "lipsmack", just do - we don't need - it's too specific. Just do "mouth" for all tha- all those noises".
E : communicative  s-
E : I - Personally, my  choice -
E : People talk about, you know, "Oh gee, that was really good," and then they do a - I'm not gonna do it cuz I don't really know  how to do lipsmack. But - but it seems like it would be a - a vocal gesture, a definite type of thing.
C : you
C : makes me think of the - what people would write as "tsk tsk".
D : Yeah. Me too. @@
C : U- i- cu- there's - there's at least  two or three that I can think of that to me are very different. You know, there's like,
C : you know, that,
C : Hhh.
A : I don't know what - I am never sure whether or not to transcribe, um, a difference with, like, "hmm",
C : I'll usually put a - an exclamation   somehow. Like I'll go -
D : Oh.
E : But it - th- it's true that th- segments  are different too.
A : "H_M_P_H"? What about transcribing it that  way, like "hmph"?
E : Well, now, y- This is a good question. I guess I would say th- you know, sometimes  we've seen "hmph" in literature meaning in- but it's a s-
F : Oh.
E : So, if it's meant  as a sound of indignation then I think that would be how I would capture it, with the H_M_P_H thing.
D : Hhh. not indignation. Something more positive. I don't know exactly wha- how to characterize it, but something more
B : Like -
B : "Hmm! I hadn't thought
D : Yeah. "Hmm."
D : Yeah. Or - Maybe.
B : Hhh.
A : I- yeah. I guess it could have two  meanings, sort of.
F : If it's surprise  then the exclamation point makes sense, too.
E : And then there's the other
F : Yeah, once, Adam  laughing,  written  out
F : phonetically,  changed  it. I'm like "it's just laughing".
F : "hyuh-hyuh" or - or - or something. And -
A : That's funny.
F : Yeah, i- I - it was maybe Tigerfish  do  it at any other place in the transcript. It was just that one spot.
E : I've seen "ho"'s and -
A : "Ho-ho-ho"? Oh, that is too
E : and "heh". Yeah.
D : I noticed, i- m- as far as problems with laughs,  breaths.
E : @@
E : Yeah.
F : well, here's  question,  transcripts  looked  at.
F : When - O_K. So when you laugh,  inhale,
E : Yes.
F : and - so how do you transcribe the inhale?  breath.
F : I- I used  to,
F : you know, back in the day  thing  laugh  because to me the breath is part of the laugh.
E : I agree with you. That's - that's what I  prefer.
F : Um, so - cuz i- cuz in the ones I've been che- the one I've been checking  now,  breath  breath,  taking  out.
D : laugh, breath, laugh"
C : s- Yeah. I was gonna say, I put -
A : Yeah.
C : I put "breath-laugh" in the brackets when I don't know whether it's a breath or a laugh,  which is what - I remember you telling me to do that.
F : Oh, well, yeah, that's - that's  thing.
F : not clear. Like sometimes "Hhh!" is a laugh.
E : I agree with you. And - and I think that's important because we're capturing then the communicative  level.
E : And it's likely  breaths  as well.
D : Yeah.
C : "
E : Yes they do. Yeah, the shyer  see  it. You can see the little - little peaks, which is interesting. But yes. Yeah, exactly.
D : Yeah.
E : I wouldn't, uh - i- That's a case whe- you know, I know generally with the Tigerfish things that they put "breath" and we leave it in. But absolutely there, yeah. " Laugh ",
E : I - I mainly  move  them   if - and if they're not in the way then don't - don't mess with it, but -
A : lot  of times, though, the breaths are, um,
A : results of bad segmentation, and so they
A : just write it as a breath when it's clearly not a breath. usually,
A : when there's really long spaces,
F : Well they give the segmenter, though - cuz they don't have  the - the rich
F : interface  must  something  there,
E : One wonders
D : Although, they did  put a "missing segment"
A : Oh really? Oh, I always get - I always get " breath ".
D : I've gotten both.
F : Well, frequently  that'll also be a misattribution too, of voice.
F : Cuz then you'll hear - you'll hear part of what another person is saying and th- tha- and that's all transcribed on that one
F : level, but then you'll hear   a little bit of it and then "missing segment". It's like, "O_K, well they just - it's in the wrong -
D : It's just in the wrong place.
D : Yeah.
E : in other  ways, in terms of -
E : Myself,  when I spend a lot of hours doing this I become less fluent. I
E : have more false starts and things. Yeah. I don't know if it's - It could just be because there're so many more hours I haven't been talking.
C : I guess I try to be more careful  in my speech,
C : try to enunciate more.
C : Cuz I've been told  I mumble.
C : told by my parents that I used to mumble a lot.
C : East Coast accent that comes in sometimes that makes it hard for people on the West Coast to understand what I'm saying.
D : Hmm. One thing that I  noticed -
D : changing my speech necessarily, aware  of interruptions in conversation - in normal conversation.
F : Oh, yeah. That's true.
D : So, uh, maybe I am more careful in the sense that I
D : I'm more aware  am  but,
D : pretty much all the time in normal conversation there are interruptions. There's no - I mean, unless you have really aw- I mean, I think if there were  awkward.
D : There would be a lot of pauses,  and that would kind of i-
D : imply uncomfortability,  or something.
E : I guess it depends partly on the type of interruption. I mean, if it's a clarifying  type like - "well do you mean - ?" when they're partway through it in a utterance.
C : being something that's   -
C : and in a n- like a friendly  not  really  true.  Like what you were saying.
D : see now I'm contradicting myself, but even when it is very - turn-taking is very w- like people follow the turn-taking rules, or whatever, and don't really blatantly interrupt people,
D : and I - I remember  meeting  interruptions,
D : or e- not enough overlaps,  something.  overlaps,  more.  realize  was
D : that throughout  meeting  until  had  been,
D : they were just very  small,  there.
D : I think they're there  time.
E : people in the meeting had made the claim in the previous  probably  only  occur during setup
E : and, um, you know, at the end when we're leaving.
F : Oh yeah, that's totally  true.
E : Exactly. Exactly. Well, and, you know, I think that that's sort of the feeling  get  if - unless you looked at the data at this level. And so I did an analysis and in fact it was really a pretty constant rate
E : all the way through the entire meeting and everyone  was involved.
C : Kind of makes sense  because
C : if you're - if you wanna speak next,  foot  you're
E : That's true. interruptions.  still  the case. You have -
A : I think, um, silences  not good in conversation too. Cuz once you get a
E : @@
A : to try to get in right when you think they're done because if there's a silence, not only is it awkward,
A : and then you don't get to talk about what you wanted to talk about
D : You know, thinking about it,
D : I - I think I've only noticed a couple times where there's been actual silence  on all channels for a period of time.
E : very  rare. I agree.
D : It's only been like twice.  Yeah.
E : Yeah. Well, if they're i- c- if -  this  point, we're at the - at the really fine grain level of -
D : Yeah.
E : of standardization which I hadn't really thought  of specifying in advance before, and, um,
E : Yeah  common.  But with the idea that - what we're trying to do is encode the communicative stuff,
E : I wanted to draw attention to the fact that there are sometimes these stretches where a person is trying to say something and formulating their thought, and they're coming out with a bunch  of
E : segments,  word.
E : Have you run across that where they're - they're saying @@  and then they say a word.
D : Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
E : And, my  feeling on that is, that
E : and potentially  segments,  they're even sub- s- subsegmental, I would say. I mean, you got a - a single flap of a vocal cord sometimes, and,
A : Yeah.
E : almost kicking in, they're almost gonna say @@  but it hasn't - somehow this - somehow this vibration hit before the rest of it and -
E : and that's not communicative.  I  do those things when I hear those, if -
E : is to - I use in parentheses one "X_" so it's marked.
E : Or if it's @@  - then I put six or seven or however many it is -
F : I was wondering  in.
E : uncodeable   - Sorry, "Uncodeable vocal sounds".
E : parts when there are  words involved,
E : that's not necessary. It's just sometimes it works out that way that they @@  They do this sound,
E : and then there's a pause,  then  obvious,  I can - I can split it apart and it won't be any problem. I wanted to mention that one, yeah.
C : I'm glad you ment- brought that up because I actually - I'm one of the culprits that puts in all the little itsy bitsy tiny sounds in the middle of everything,
F : I do that too! I used to do  that!
C : because - Yeah. Cuz I was thinking, like, you're just supposed to write down everything you hear as closely as possible.
C : a good amount of time, and like pretty strict concentration to d- to do that. Um,
A : Yeah. I put in the "X_"s. I put in - if it's, um, unintelligible I put - I count how many syllables and then I put in "six X_" -
C : So like I - I've been doing that  hear.  And I'm pretty damn sure that - sorry. Sorry!
C : Sorry. Hhh!
C : Sorry! I'm sorry.
F : Yeah. Like a - a skull and crossbones.
C : Oh no! I'm sorry! O_K -
E : That's O_K. It's alright. No problem.
A : any
F : Yeah.
F : It's not
D : Yeah, seriously.
E : I wouldn't give it a second thought.
C : Oh yeah - I - I was -
D : Do you remember what you were gonna say?
C : Ah - and then - tha- Yeah, that's wha- I'm sorry.
E : You sh- Yeah -
F : she could make it out probably.
A : O_K.
F : Not the swearword  version.
A : Oh, you have? I've  never heard the swearword versions.
E : I do  Yeah.
C : Yeah, and I was like, "Oah!" do  remember that. But it was very quiet. So I can see how that would have been sort of
C : gone over by accident. It was just very quiet, like kind of under the breath kind of thing, so that's why it was missed. I can understand. Yeah.
E : B- but y- t- finish your point. So, y-
C : Oh! - I'm pretty sure that I can tell what - exactly what sounds are being produced. So if it's
A : it's best to leave it with "X_"s because I -
A : you know, uncertain anyway  first  place, and, um -
A : the person was trying to make  word.  that,  then I feel fine just
E : I agree. And I think there's another problem too, and that is that we do  are  communicative. And - and sometimes - So, if you have an
E : "E_R" as part of one of these fragments,  do  have a
A : Right.
E : a filler item. Does  have a meaning. So I think for both of the reasons it's good to just leave it in this category of not really communicating in a - in a word-like way.
E : Oh.
E : So you have the, um, comic  where   say  that, and then they throw in an "er".
A : Oh. Oh, I don't get that  one.
E : So, if you're doing - you're doing separate channels first and then as a final pass through the mixed  channel,
E : And at that  point what I sometimes pick up is this meta-level,
F : How  do you mark it?
E : So, if - so in the examp- i- in the instance in which - Let's say that, um,
E : And this - this isn't that common of an occurrence. "Completing speaker initial with a colon apostrophe "S_"'s utterance".
F : Oh, I  see.
E : you know, who it was without having to do the math involved in figuring out which channel it was. The problem with - I originally wanted to use channel  numbers as the referent
E : index, but that - that's not functional  numbering  schemes. You have the numbering in the
E : uh - Th- this is redundant in a useful way in that you know that you're not gonna make a mistake. I  numbers  and I was making all sorts of inconsistent problems, so I stopped it.
C : So that's  probably why you, like, added in
D : I- I also found that it was easier to deal  with the meetings when there are speaker initials. Yeah.
E : once I found a comment that, uh, in- in curly brackets about mumbling. And, um,
E : f- I think, and it may be that it was not from anybody here, so. me,  in the sense of "whispered",
D : O_K.
E : either exclamation, or the number of syllables, if you know.
D : O_K.
E : O_K. So, I guess, you know, I don't wanna keep you. I kept you so long. I really appreciate this. Yes?
D : Can I ask one more thing about these comments. So we are  for -
E : Oh.
E : Yes. Oh, but - Good question. And you don't have to add any  of those tags.
E : The only tags that you need to add, is - So - th- uh, there's like one  exception that's just microscopic, and that is, sometimes -
E : But that's the only place you would use a "vocal"-"non-vocal" tag, where it's potentially ambiguous between those two categories. Cuz otherwise, what I  do when I get these, is -
E : Some of them already have tags from some previous, uh, modification, but anything that doesn't,  I just go through this list,
D : Yeah, right. Or - o- or if it's -
E : It's really not - The  same thing with the "QUAL". Just so long as I can tell which of those three categories it is. Or -
E : or "pron", but, you know, those - that's really very obvious, the pronunciation.
E : So long as I can tell what they are. I think it's good for you to add the "pron". come to think of it.
D : So we do  need to add that one?
E : Oh, thank you, do we have time? Would you mind? Can we do digits? O_K, so why don't - do you wanna do it, uh, in unison  this time?
E : Oh we did!  Oh! Do it separately, then. O_K. Good deal.
A : Oh, alright.
D : Hmm.
E : Well, I guess I'll start. O_K. Transc- And the time is - O_K. Um,
E : transcript L_ four four two.
E : Five, two three four, nine nine, three eight eight, one.
E : One six five, two six, seven eight five seven.
E : Eight four nine, four O_ two, eight six seven.
E : Six three, three three, three six, three seven, two six.
E : Six one eight, nine four eight, seven eight three zero.
E : One eight, one two, three two, seven one, eight five.
E : Five two seven, five one, three nine four two.
E : Eight three four seven, three four nine four, six nine O_ eight.
C : O_K. Transcript L_ dash four three five.
C : Zero, six seven six, three four, three two two, two,
C : three, three four two, six nine, five six two, four,
C : zero eight, two
C : One three five, six five nine, four seven four four.
C : One, seven one nine, eight five, five seven two, two.
C : Four three, six eight, zero three, one five, five eight.
C : Eight nine five, five six, one six, nine one.
C : Eight, three four eight, nine three, four one zero, two.
B : Uh, transcript L_ dash four three six.
B : Eight four two one, six, one one three,
B : O_ eight one three, eight seven five seven, eight eight seven four,
B : nine, eight four eight, O_ four - er, O_ five, eight six nine, two,
B : six, eight three four, eight five, six nine four, six,
B : seven six two, eight four three, five three five,
B : seven four, two six, one seven, four five, eight two,
B : three one seven, three two eight, two eight O_,
B : five five O_, four seven
F : Uh, transcript L_ dash four three seven.
F : Five nine four four, four, one zero nine,
F : six, two five eight, three three, five one two, four,
F : four seven four eight, three zero zero six, three one seven two,
F : one, eight six seven, six two, five six zero, one,
F : two seven, eight six, two three, one zero, four
F : eight nine four, four eight, two eight two three,
F : three one one seven, two five two one, five two six six,
F : zero zero two four, one, five eight three.
D : Transcript L_ four three nine.
D : Four, two six two, eight four, two O_ three, four.
D : Seven seven, six, zero seven, eight, five two five.
D : Two four seven, zero seven six, seven five six.
D : Two one, five one, nine eight, O_ three, five four.
D : Three, O_ one six, eight four, nine three nine, three.
D : O_, three five nine, one one, six O_ six, eight.
D : Three five five, four five two, two five three.
D : Four, zero, one, zero, eight five, one one, seven seven.
A : Transcript L_ dash four four zero.
A : Six five zero six, four two zero five, four zero one three.
A : Six zero five four, five, one seven six.
A : One two one, zero one three, two eight one,
A : eight zero eight, two, three, nine five five,
A : two five two four, one seven zero eight, five nine two seven,
A : two one zero, five three, eight nine three three,
A : one zero two, one six, one four, two nine,
A : six six four, three three zero, five two zero three.
E : O_K. Wonderful. Thank you very, very much. I really appreciate this.
C : Sure.
