F : O_K.
F : O_K,   thanks.
F : thanks very much for coming.
F : @@  your  you've  been exposed to in these many months.
F : um, things that you found easier or more difficult with respect to transcribing or checking or using the interface or,
F : And then, maybe talk about specifics   - specifics of the data
F : issues of the - @@  the tar- ti- up there at the top of -
D : O_K.
F : Yeah.
D : the same things keep getting repeated,  is,  and you can say, "O_K
D : I know what they meant by that" or "I know how to spell  that now" or something like that.
F : Is -
F : I  Yeah.
A : @@
D : @@
E : I figure that even if I think  I know exactly what letters they said,
E : it's probably best to put them in parentheses cuz I probably don't.
C : got - got easy. There - there was a - a bunch of them   that, uh -
F : then, you know, you - @@  in context you can tell which one it's -
F : is probably likely to be the one that you had.
D : Even though I still don't know what they are.
D : I mean, I assume they're microphones of some sort, but that's all.
D : Oh.
A : Is anybody wearing one of those awful quote Crown  microphones that people used to be - Yeah.
F : Uh you've heard, the "crown of pain".
F : I liked them,   them.   I thought the quality was good.
A : Just curious.
D : he - he said that they were designed for
D : torture,
F : I liked them.   And there's the - actually, there's the picture of the - of the Crown adjustment on the
C : Right.
A : uh, at any  given point in time and I would
A : I would just listen to it over and over and over again, going "Oh my God! My head's gonna explode!  like,
A : I would put a lot  of things into parentheses and then go back over it and go back over it again and still -
A : you know, I - I like  possibly  can  and
A : you know, with the German  accents, just for me personally, those were probably the toughest
A : you know, a native English speaker,
A : or even Asian  - like, uh, speaks an En- Asian language. I found that easier.
A : Uh, you  know.
A : Uh, somebody who speaks like Chinese or something, @@ .
F : What's - you've studied some languages, which - which ones do you - are you studying? It's more of a Romance direction, or - ?
A : Um, yeah - well, I studied - I mean, Um,
A : like also some African languages. So I've like learned a little bit.
F : Mm-hmm, so it's not really - you're not really exposed  to German very much.
A : No, I mean I sing
F : Ah! Interesting. Interesting.
A : But - pronounce  know
A : I can do - I can pronounce  speak
D : For me  Spanish  speakers to be the hardest.
D : And the German speakers I found a little  bit easier, and I thought maybe that was because I had -
D : I took  German for a semester and I've had exposure to German,
D : if they were pronouncing something in a certain way I could say, "Oh well that's just the German way of pronouncing this " and then I figured out what they were saying.
D : um, but with the Spanish  speakers it was -
D : I've never taken  French,
D : and I speak French fairly well,  um, I found the Spanish to be much
A : Oh.
E : If you're talking about who I think  you're talking about - are you talking about um -
C : Can we give names? We - w- we probably shouldn't, right?
E : O- can - yeah.
F : And I can't really answer that.
E : O_K, well there's one in particular
F : Oh.
E : taken lots - I'm fluent  in Spanish, and so, um, when I -
E : I can tay   -
E : like "No, that's not what she said", I can tell she's pronouncing -
E : uh I can't get most of it, cuz I -
E : I find it one of   - one of the hardest ones to transcribe.
F : Well, what you can see  English  fluency that's being -
F : Yeah, that's - that's really interesting. I do  German  easier  for me than s- than the others because of my c- exposure and interest in German.
C : Yeah.
E : Oh, wow.
B : Ah!
F : "Miss-ed".
E : Huh.
D : Especially because also in the beginning meetings, I mean, he'd say something and no one in the meeting  would understand,
C : Oh, eh -
C : Yeah.
D : figure out what it was
D : Yeah.
C : Um - I remember in the beginning you had - and you were just sorta like - you were beating   your head against the wall, but I - it go- but it got better, it got better.
D : Oh, I went crazy.
C : Yeah, I know. Yeah. I remember.
F : Sometimes themselves,  say  tell  you.
E : @@
F : But I just wondered if, um -
E : Mmm .
F : you know, she was from
F : probably continental Spain versus @@  y- you know other Spanish -
D : Parisian French is much easier for me to understand cuz I learned  it versus
D : villages  in the south, it's really hard to understand.
A : Menton.
D : Yeah.
F : And in my case with - with, uh, German w- I - a certain region that I do well in and then get farther away from that region and I notice it's more and more difficult. Yeah.
A : So maybe - I mean, depending on where she is, like maybe
E : Well, the last one I did she actually said a lot,  and it was kinda - it was very hard to transcribe.
E : very high up there, so it was really
E : find that knowing  lot.  lot  parentheses,  I was like, "I can see how you -
D : You were able to figure out.
E : I kn- I think I know what she's doing. I mean, I think I know the mistake she's making. And -
D : That's really good. Yeah, cuz that's definitely something that I wouldn't have be able to do.
F : Yeah, yeah.
E : Yeah.
F : Yeah, I couldn't do it in Spanish. I've - I found  German.
A : German.
D : Some people tend to mumble,
A : Yeah.
D : what it is  tell  and -
F : Or they're laughing when they're talking or they're -
D : That too.
D : I don't know. And some people tend to get interrupted more, I know that's not something that the person themselves can control but -
E : Hmm .
A : If - when people talk over one another like constantly,  everywhere,
A : it's like "Oh my God! What's going on right now?"
D : Especially when they're - when you were using the l- the mikes that weren't m- headmounted mikes.
A : It's kind of -
E : Mmm.
C : Yeah.
E : o- one channel per person  before?
C : No.
D : No, it was one like - one ribbon for everybody and you had to kind of - you could switch signals, like you could listen  to a different one, but you couldn't really -
C : No.
B : Euh.
D : Well could  do  that very much.
A : You couldn't visually  isolate it?
E : What?
D : You couldn't visually  do it, no.
B : Euh.
D : And f- Yeah.
C : And you had to mark interruptions by a slash,  right?
D : I had so much trouble at the very beginning trying to figure out who was who.
E : Mmm.
B : Mmm.
D : and then the men  same  except I think there was one British English speaker
D : Eh. - Yeah.
B : Yeah.
C : I think as women it might be easier to differentiate - Well, there were fewer women, too, but I - I wonder if a man transcribing all the guys would have had -
C : Like if you
C : I don't know why  true,  but
D : That's possible.
C : you wonder if there'd be like a gender  I don't know, I'm thinking about it as like a psychologist I suppose.
F : It's possible.  Hmm.
C : Anyway.
A : I mean, it's easier for people to mimic like the timbre  of
A : if that person is the same sex  you.  So maybe,
A : Kind of an interesting research project.
F : you internalize what you're externalizing in a way, but.
F : In the prev- You've also  that  kind of thing.
C : Right.
B : Wow.
C : Right.
C : Which wasn't as  hard. I mean, it took time. It took time.
D : E- No. It just took time. Yeah.
C : Um, I find that I have to adjust  anyway.  Um -
B : Yeah.
C : Um, not for the end  beginning.  Sometimes the beginning -
F : I see.
C : the person started to say something, it's a very slight difference, and then the time bin starts.
C : And besi- and I think you mentioned at some point that you wanted a little pad
E : air before and - or after,  um, that I don't really feel
B : Seems like I always have to cut off pads at the end.
D : Of breath  uh  - nothing?
A : Yeah, with fricatives and with like, uh - I mean, like i- it doesn't happen with, uh, like "buh"
D : Although I found one in - actually I was just working right before this meeting, one where someone said, "great" and
D : you - It sounded like "great" if you just listened to that time bin it still sounded  like "great".
D : But if you listened to right before  So -
F : Ah.
A : Oh.
A : Uh, it's like "fff", "sss".
D : Or "sss".
E : Or "thh".
A : "Shh".
E : It's a sound that -
A : Sorry.
C : I guess I'm the only non-linguist.
F : So, um, in - did you - have you run into places - I've run into a couple where actually the word was totally different  when you adjusted the time bin. Have you had that happen?
F : That's fascinating.
E : Yeah. I like that.
D : Oh it does. Completely.
D : millisecond  of break in the middle.
D : if you connected it all together, it completely changed what was right before it and what was right after it. It was written as something else, and then
D : millisecond pause.
D : So I guess - I don't know.  I mean, I guess when we talk
D : segments of the word  pauses  I guess - or the - you can -
D : Yeah, or something  like that.
D : pause. I don't - is - it - That doesn't make any sense, but.
F : There are  words  middle  of. You're -
D : On purpose,  though.
F : Well,
F : and they say, "That's really fascinating"
A : Sh-
E : a transcription  of something like that, of a big pause in between - in the middle of a word? Or just leave it as, "fascinating"?
F : And, you know, maybe there are times that I haven't detected it and I'm not @@  -
F : you know, fin- I haven't looked at everything.  I've looked at - I've probably
F : you know, all the way through e- every meeting - for about eighty percent of the stuff that I've cleared so far.
E : Oh!
F : I - I - i- I can get through them faster, and I'm getting to the point where I maybe don't have to go through  them all the way, you know, so it's like -
F : it's just we've gotten to a level, it's just really great, of, um,
F : and so I'm not gonna be checking them all I don't think in the @@  for throughout the whole rest of the project.
F : Certainly have spot checking.
F : But, um, hhh, have  my  pronunciation  situation.
F : So just do a - you know, a mark, then "fascinating", and then put "P_R_N" and  uh "interrupted by a pause" or, you know, some kind of other gloss like that, you know.
D : I get confused with pronunciation, like when there's a strange pronunciation that I wanna mark.
C : Mm-hmm, I - it - it never occurred to me, but now that you're mentioning  possibly.
D : O_K.
C : I think Nelson's  Morgan.
C : He's the only one who ever did  Mm-kay. "
D : He does it a lot.
A : O_K.
F : w- that we've done in terms of like not capturing every time a person says "and" versus "nnn" whatever - all the different ways of reducing "and".
F : um, well "the". "The" that there are those known variants, and -
F : those distinctions could be added later if needed but it's unlikely that they would be. And it's so time-consuming. So we've made these - these simplifying assumptions with that,  about  "O_K"? I mean, maybe
F : it's definitely - there's a, uh,
F : i- @@
A : I think with like some of them   - like
A : you know with uh the difference between "the"
A : Like um, apple" because it's "the" plus then the next word starts with a vowel.
A : Or "the cat" because it's  next word starts with a -
E : Oh, really?
E : I was trying to figure that out myself a couple times,
E : and I couldn't get anything. Oh,  hard  to do."
D : Yeah.
D : you can have a pronunciation of - of the word "a"
D : as "a".
D : person"?
F : Once  in a while.
F : I agree. And - and when I - when I'm totally  either,  and I could flip a coin,
F : I'll choose the one that would make syntactically the most sense, give them   the benefit of the doubt that they're being fluent about it.
A : Yeah, kinda go "Well there's two, so here."
C : Mmm-mm.
A : A few  times.
C : It's rare.
D : you look at it and  what's the context.
F : O_K. Well, le- let's see now, there's another - another methodo- what I go- I wanna ask you at some point, it just occurred to me, I'd like to ask you the following question, maybe you can have this in the back of your minds,
F : you know, what sorts of hypothesis - your hypothesis about the - you know, ti- trying  explanations  for some of these things.
E : Right.
F : have you give away a paper topic that you wanna explore, but,
F : you know, if there's  interesting th- uh, hypotheses that the - that y- have been suggested to you by looking at the data. That kinda thing, maybe,
F : uh, at some
F : and al- Oh! And I also wanna say, that, um, I'd like to meet again also next week,
F : um, and I don't know if this is a good time frame,
F : uh, maybe it'd be good to have it an hour later or - I don't know - I mean, could do anything
C : It should  be.
C : Um, I know I have something in the morning,  don't  normally have.
C : I don't  ends.
C : Um, I'll let you know if it's - it'll be a problem  should  be O_K.
F : Excellent, cuz we could probably move it one hour later, I mean - I think, u-  unless -
F : Oh, I see.
F : Wow.  well.  Yeah.
A : Thanks.
F : Oh, did you?   O_K, O_K.
A : But um, that might help me just a little  bit because then it -
D : Hnh-nn.
F : And th- the final question i-
C : Except we'll miss treat  time.
E : Oh!
F : Oh, that's right! Oh!
D : Mistreat? Oh!
C : like a half hour, then take a little break, then come back and finish the meet-
E : Yeah, well that's - that's some good motivation to not start a half hour later.
D : someone  like the front desk person or Lila to like set aside a little bit for us.
A : Tha- that's so funny.
F : Hey, they would.
A : Oh that's  true.
A : This is very important.
F : O_K, good. Alright, so, I'll - I'll so- settle on that. O_K now, I wanted to say, you've been through a couple of different, uh, @@  improvements in the methods, the pre-segmentation.
F : Uh  Tigerfish,  um, approach. So,
F : correcting  yourselves.
A : Oh.
E : another transcriber here.
E : Do they end all - them all in dots,  like dot dot?
C : Yes.
B : They used  to.
A : I really  th-
E : And they - and they capitalize like every single first -
D : And they put paren- um, not
D : Yeah.
E : Yeah. that's
D : Yeah.
D : No.
C : Well, they're not linguists, so.
D : No.
C : I  did
D : I think it was a little  bit faster than just transcribing it, but I definitely saw a lot of -
A : I'm really picky.
D : And they just have better intuitions, or I don't know what  said.
E : Which are - What  are the two differences? I'm not sure.
F : I'm  had  on.
E : So do I have a Tigerfish one right now?
A : Yes! Yeah, and you have to parse them   all down. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
D : Yeah, and we had to split them up.
E : Right, O_K, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I didn't g- ever get one of those. No. I'm glad I didn't.
C : I think those show up in Tigerfish too, cuz I think I've had a couple of Tigerfish where I've had to break them   up.
D : Yeah, but they're not  like -
C : A couple  them   down.
D : Oh.
E : They just have - They just have it segmented.  tell  because
E : sometimes they have it so wrong and it's like, "Well, if you had just listened  before
D : Yeah.
A : Yeah.
E : Yeah, but they don't have that. Yeah, I figured that they didn't.
F : how d- if - We're not sure really how Tigerfish does  methodology.  do  like, within -
F : well, within a single  turn,
F : l- it'll be spelled in three different ways.
F : And it's like, you know, is this the same person who's kind of forgetful, parallel.  parallel
A : Oh, that's  interesting.
F : But, who knows?
D : And they don't - One person doesn't listen to all the channels of one meeting,  right?
D : So they can't get clues from the other channels?
F : Well, you know, the - The way they're  listening to it is
D : Or can  they? I don't know. Mm-hmm.
F : um, you know, there's this block and it goes over -
F : I'm doing it from my
F : And so what they would get is this  first  this  second  then  top  second  guy in the overlap.
F : And then it would move on.  So it's sort of like this - you know, you go this way as much as you can, then you cycle through there and then you go up to this next level and -
E : So they hear all the channels at once like you guys were saying you  first did?
F : Um, let's see, they hear them   - Oh!
F : uh, they hear them   sometimes
F : they get confused about who the foreground speaker  told  who the foreground speaker is.
F : You know, and especially  four  nine
A : Eee!
F : So what they get is they get a beep
F : that tells them when there's something that they  think - that the
F : And it's numbered  slots.
D : As there are slots in the pre-segmentation. Mm-hmm.
F : Exactly. Cuz the first  them   numbered,
F : we ended up with a together  our  end,
F : um, it's just this long string  things  that they've
F : tape  that they were given.
F : Cuz they don't - they actually   either  so it's - it's audiotape.
F : And they type it on and then - then it comes back to us and Adam and Thilo have a program wa- they put it back together into our  use  it. But,
F : um,
F : um, utterance  and that's because
F : that was overlapping with someone else  speaker  of the two, and you'll have like two totally parallel
F : i- it's just - i- n- So what they get is like - i- t- is they get something like "beep one".
C : Oh, so they don't - Do they know the names of the speakers?
C : Cuz sometimes  there'd just be interesting things where
C : Morgan would be speaking but it'd be on your  This  clearly  not  woman  speaking. "
F : Yes, exactly.
D : Yeah.
C : It's like, " How  do  no  idea.
D : God, it must take  really  do  these.
D : That's amazing.  hard.
F : It - it turns out that they're really much  used,  and
F : we don't know exactly how they do it and I think that that's by intention,  @@  - not just me who thinks that - it's that
D : Well, I - I  liked
F : Yeah.
D : and I had a lot more ideas,
E : I  miss  it.
E : I liked  liked  transcribing.
F : You miss - Oh! I see.  interesting.
E : I feel like it was, um,
E : more personal.  I was -
D : It was  Yeah.
E : You know, the - n- This is sort of just, you know, correcting other - I feel like I'm just sort of like correcting a test or something now,
D : You don't tend to notice as much I don't think at checking as you do transcribing, because it's already there  so you don't have to pay as much attention.
A : And so - Yeah, I really do. Like I'm - I tend to take a little doing checking but like I -
A : I'm like ultra-careful. I - That's just how I am. But, like I -
A : re-transcribing  it almost
A : like, I - I change time bins a lot,  and I
A : like for whatever words they write a lot,  like -
A : too  me.  Like I think I like checking more for that reason because
A : it's like it's a - it's a little helpful. It's like kind of, you know, somebody's helping  me a little bit, but I'm actually doing the work anyway,
F : Yeah.
D : One  thing that's annoying I think with checking is that
D : a lot  of times in the meetings you tend to have one or two people who talk a lot and the rest of the people just sit there until it's their turn to give their little report or whatever.
A : Right.
D : encode that weren't on the pre-segmenter. But
D : Sometime I debate with myself whether it's really worth it to sit there and listen to the whole thing
F : And this is when you crank up the visual. I mean, you've still  maximum  - Yeah. O_K.
E : Yeah. Well, sometimes when you crank up the visual   speakers.
D : Yeah, that's the thing. i- that's the thing that makes it harder
F : Yeah, it's true. It's true, it's just a big mess.
F : Yeah, that's right.
E : Yeah. The - I mean - but also if   they have it all
E : pre-segmented and they can only hear the segments,  between  listening  to what's in between.
E : @@  yeah, sometimes the segmenter will -
D : I mean you've  said things that weren't caught on the pre-segmenter, like
F : O_K.
A : Well, like little sighs, or like inbreaths, like as though you're gonna start speaking, which I feel is important
C : Uh -
D : But then they don't.
C : Oh, yeah.
B : Oh yeah.
E : I  usually take out - um, I usually don't put in any of the breaths unless they're laughs.
C : If it sounds like a yawn.  yawns,
F : Yeah.
A : Yeah.
C : You can hear, there's like. something like that.
E : Yeah.
C : Yeah, or when it's a laugh.  often  Tigerfish  breath ",
E : Yeah.
C : but it - it w- it actually seemed more like a laugh.
C : Um, cuz everyone's  laughing.  @@  Yeah.
D : And everyone else is laughing, and then the other person is like "ha-ha" but it's not a actual laugh, but like -
C : Right, it's - it's not a very committed  still  laugh.
A : Right.
E : Right.
A : It's - No, like, yeah, it's like.
A : Yeah.
C : yeah, "I guess I'll laugh cuz everyone else is laughing," I - You know, who knows,  but -
F : Have you noticed that Tiger- I've noticed that Tigerfish uses " cough  cough.  You notice that? Yeah.
C : It should be "clear throat", or something.
E : Yeah. Yeah.
D : Oh yeah, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
D : Yeah.
F : do you find that where they've - where they have like "dot dot's" cuz it's segments they didn't hear,
F : where nothing  hear  it.
D : You mean in between the segments that they did  transcribe?
E : Oh. Yeah.
F : Oh, interesting.
D : aren't that involved in the meeting, or something, and they don't tend to say as much,
D : I remember one  breathe.
A : Yeah.
D : And then read digits and then it was like the end of the meeting.
A : Yo- yo- yo.
A : There's one guy in particular who does that.
A : It's really cute actually.
C : Uh -
F : I w-
F : I mean, and it is
A : Right.
F : Um,
F : I sort of end up feeling like I know  do.  And it's like you go out to tea and there they are and, "Oh, you were so funny in that meeting" and it - it has this sort of
F : unusual dynamic because, you know, I - I'm privy to information which really by all rights I shouldn't  be, except of course they - they agreed, they signed, they were there, they agreed.
F : you know, i- i- you know, if you're in the meeting yourself,  course  you'd have
F : access to all  all  your inferences about, you know, whether they're funny or not funny or whatever, but it -
D : And like turn around and  be like,
D : that person doesn't look anything  like I imagined them."
A : Yeah, yeah.
D : Nnn.
A : He has such a nice voice. I really like his voice, And then John told me that he's not around anymore.
A : Just curious.
D : Nn-mm.
E : I  them.
C : She's got a nice voice. I know she's here, I know she's a big part of the Institute,  right? So.
C : It's O_K if we say nice
A : Yeah.
F : o- one who doesn't say much, but she just is always pleasant.  You know, and it's kind of a smiling voice and she laughs and -
A : I th- I think I know who you're talking about.
F : What a difference. Yeah.  I mean it's like -
F : Actually it's -
F : um, she's - she's just so pleasant. And - and, you know, adds  a lot just by virtue of that. You know, can - People will talk on all these technical things but she'll -
A : Yeah.
A : Yeah.
D : there can  will  have their opinions and, you know -
F : Mm-hmm.
D : "But, don't you see h- you're being rude to this person, you're cutting off this person and it's not nice?"
A : I know.
A : I started like kind of making mental friends.
D : Uh-huh.
A : I'm just like,
A : And then -
F : there's
D : uh - Especially  assume  the person is
D : uh
E : @@
A : I'll just sit there like going, "Oh fff!"
A : Yeah, I just - I start zoning out sometimes. Like, I don't mean  any  no  idea what you're talking about."
D : And there was a whole set of meetings  that are like that. It - Wasn't there? Yeah, those were really hard.
A : And they're writing stuff on boards and stuff that we can't see,  referring  to, and so.
D : Yeah.
A : Right.
A : Yeah, they're referring to this or that and the other thing and you're just going, "No, I don't understand."
D : U- no .
C : Yeah, you guys talked  videotape.
F : Yes. @@  it's mainly a matter of -
F : two  things. First is the storage. It'd be so huge that, uh, you'd wanna be sure that it was of interest to someone, that it would be worthwhile doing.
C : Yeah. Cuz I know it was mentioned.
F : Yeah.
E : Oh?
A : Really?
E : That would  be interesting.
B : Oh.
E : Wow.
F : And, you know - I mean, th- that was the meeting where, @@
F : having   the indirect - so it's like you have these unusual configuration problems that -
F : Yeah, blindfolds. You know, and someone else said, "Well, maybe you could just turn the light out."
A : Cute.
D : Oh.
B : Oh.
D : Oh.
F : But then -
C : You know, it's sort of like a prisoners' di- prisoners' dilemnas game, where
A : Are you raising your hand?
C : You know, someone just leaves, you know,
A : Gets bored.
F : Yeah, I mean, there are other things we could expand on and  - with - i- in terms of the methodology. It's nice to have a core set of data though and they've d- actually done some -
F : uh  - you know - I mean, what should we do in terms of tea? Technically -
F : O_K, so, um, let's see.
D : I had something that I could bring up.
D : it - if it's different  computer
D : Yeah, mm-hmm. And I found that really interesting, and I was curious to - to figure out when that happened, if it happened in certain occasions and  whatever, and I never really got around to it, but.
F : Do you people - I mean, does everyone agree with that intu- I mean, I f- I s- share her intuition that's it's - it is sort of unusual  final,
A : I don't - no, I don't agree necessarily. I  do it.
A : Um, I don't   um,
A : but, I do  do that because -
A : I think  partly  because I want to make sure that people know that my -
A : my thought - my utterance is finished,
A : but that it's not necessarily final.
A : so.
A : Oh oh oh, yeah, O_K.
B : Uh like -
B : "So, you can see you might be wrong, but I don't want to actually say
E : When you end  with "so".
A : Yeah, to me it's like a vocal shrug.
A : S- sort of.
A : That's cool.
B : Hm-hmm.
E : I think people end in "but" a lot too. And I feel that that means that they want somebody else to take it up? Or somebody just sort of like -
F : Once  it's another shrug? Or -
E : I feel like it - I feel like it sort of, um, asks for somebody else to, uh, put input in now.
F : O_K.
A : Yeah.
F : O_K.
A : You can also end an utterance   with,
F : I mean, if you - so it's like, "ha-ha-ha uh".
F : I mean -
D : Yeah.
A : Yeah.
E : @@
F : And it's like, to me  comedians  do that. There's some- there's something there about -
F : @@
F : which I don't really understand the function of. Do you  -
A : "This is funny but maybe it shouldn't be funny"
D : Or maybe it's just a link to get back to the conversation or something? Like to connect it with what is going on
D : elsewhere?
A : like "ha-ha" uh, you say - you would say like, um,
A : And to me  "Maybe this shouldn't be funny but it is. Maybe this is funny because it's kind of disgusting or perverse in some way."
D : Yeah .
D : Maybe  it means that.
F : but it just seems like it's more prominent  than - You know it really is like a
F : placeholder  some  sort, like -
F : which I think is self- reflexive  jokemaker,
F : Oh.  be.
F : It's possible.
A : Cuz I've heard, um, Morgan  do that.
F : Exactly who I was thinking of actually. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah.
A : Yeah, he does that a lot.
F : That's true, that would - The - And he does continue  laughing
E : "O_K, I told a joke, now everyone's laughing, and now it's common courtesy I'll sort-of
E : tell everyone to stop  laughing, you know, so you don't offend me about
D : I don't know about permission.
A : Be polite, or whatever.
E : Yeah.
D : Yeah.
F : Very interesting.  Interesting.
A : Right.
D : And people are just hysterical and they're like, "What were we talking about? I don't know".
F : Yeah, that's - that's - Huh,  O_K.
C : Yeah.
E : Definitely.
E : Sometimes they make me  so  about something technical and I'll be so bored and then suddenly they'll say something
D : Yeah.
E : that they  chuckle  twenty
E : because I think it's so funny.
E : Like one time @@  - you know, wh- let's not all start laughing" and then they all did it at the same time and
E : one person ended up at the very end doing the digits and everybody had finished
A : Go -
E : And I just kept laughing and laughing and laughing.
F : Yes.
A : It's the funniest thing. He - he'll like say - he'll say like mean things about the transcribers. He'll be like -
C : Why?
D : "Oh, but I don't mean the transcribers we have here  of course."
E : Oh.
A : Like - Well sometimes  he'll do that, yeah. But sometimes he doesn't. And sometimes he'll just be like uh,
A : you know, um, " Here,  try  this! "
D : Yeah.
A : Like, "Thanks!"
A : Right.
F : and he's - he's doing this - one of these mock fights with Nancy, which he does. Have you run across these mock fights?
F : And he s- he says, um, something like,
F : @@  mutual condescending joking thing going on, and he says,
F : "Well, I could explain this to you. I have a better laugh  told
F : And it went on a little longer but it's li- it's like this really -
A : Li-
F : Yeah, and then at one  point she - you know, at another meeting, she - she was not sure which channel she was on, and he said, "Well, I think you're on channel so-and-so" and then she said, "Well, no, sh- shouldn't it be channel so-and-so?" and
F : he says "Well, no, it should be channel so-and-so". And then it turned out it was  channel so-and-so which he said, and - and she said - he s- he said,
F : "I bested you again Nancy".
C : Oh, no.
D : Oh my God.
F : the nice interrelationships. I think -
F : I - I found that's a nice aspect of a lot  of these meetings, the -
F : Alright, well, so do we - would - would - we could do digits  desired.  wanted  do  that.
C : Woo-hoo!
A : Ah, the digits task.
A : can somebody explain to me why  digits?  I still don't really know.
C : No, no, let's not.
F : then, um, you have ground truth, you know exactly what they're supposed
C : I remember I did  little  too.
F : And you did also?
F : I mean, if the T- Tigerfish people do  it, then,
C : Yeah, they do  write the numbers in. Yeah.
B : And sometimes  don't.
F : In any case, the idea is that you have ground truth, you know exactly what the person should have said and you check to be sure, and usually there aren't many errors - eh w- when they were  checked.
F : uh, psychological approach also that you like to have some standard stimulus here and then you can - Yeah.
F : Yes, you run across that.
F : Up there at  the top.
C : So, I  have a question.
C : and I realize I don't know the answer, is, um,
C : "zero", I  thought
C : that there must be an indication here.
F : Used  be.
F : Used  be.
E : Hmm.
A : Oh.
F : This - they changed them.   words  all spelled out, so "O_N_E" -
A : Oh.
B : Mmm.
E : Oh,  wow.
C : Yeah.
F : And that was like a Stroop  some  those  concentrate.  It was like s- "One, s- seven" - you know, it was like - You really had to - "let's see, the words and the numbers" and -
C : Yeah.
C : Yeah, you're not used to seeing the numbers  like that.
C : I  that's  why.
F : But we converted them   this  format, and then the idea - I mean, you could conceivably put an "O_H" or a "zero" for the "O_'s" and still have this benefit, but I think that the idea is that people can choose what they think is most natural for them to say in those - those locations, and - you know, maybe there'd be -
B : Oh, can I ask also? Um, it says - it looks like the groupings are important, but some of the transcripts I've seen they don't have any commas or breaks, it's just a string of numbers. So we should be adding the breaks if -
F : Yes. Well, see - er - also,  this  used  were  like uh one long string -
F : different sized strings. But to have them   broken up like this, it's - it's m- been about
F : maybe longer, that they've gotten actually broken up within the line.
F : So the idea is @@  to pause when you see that.
B : But if you can clearly hear pauses and there've  not been transcribed, we should be adding the commas or not?
F : this is w- again - you know, it - it'd be nice to get the words right,
F : uh, the interface that these  guys used, uh, allows you to set the time boundaries really accurately, so it's not so important. It's more important to focus on the words, because there we don't know the ground truth.
D : Are we gonna do them   together  then? Or no?
E : Sure.
F : why don't we do them   together this time just because - in the interest of time, to get you out in time.
E : O_K.
A : O_K.
F : supposed  to treat -
E : Pause after each line?
F : What do they say, "Each line
E : O_K.
F : into
A : O_K.
D : Transcript L_ four three three.
B : Transcript L_ dash four three one.
A : Transcript L_ dash four three zero.
E : Transcript L_ four two nine.
F : @@
C : Transcript L_ four three four.
E : Zero six, two six, eight four, zero one, five four.
D : Five one nine, one one zero, seven three eight one.
C : Six zero eight, one one four, two three one.
F : One seven one, O_ eight O_, three four nine seven.
A : Three seven four, seven seven seven, three four five five.
B : Five n- nine.
D : Two one nine, nine six one, zero nine four.
E : One four zero three, four zero, six four, one nine, zero four.
C : Five four three, one eight, five one three five.
F : Eight three zero, two one seven, zero four three.
B : Six eight four O_, seven, five four one.
A : Zero five one, eight nine, eight seven seven three.
D : Six O_ four, three three, six six O_ one.
E : Eight three one, seven six, three nine, zero eight.
C : Eight six three, five eight two, nine seven seven three.
B : Six, five seven three, six two, three one three, five.
F : Nine two two four, one, zero three six.
A : Nine three one, one one, zero two four eight.
D : Three, eight six three, six seven, seven eight O_, nine.
F : Two five nine, four five eight, six six three four.
E : Three four one, nine seven seven, nine five   eight nine.
C : Nine five, six eight, six seven, four  eight.
B : One two nine, two seven O_, one five seven eight.
F : Zero one six, four nine eight, nine zero zero eight.
A : Nine eight nine two, one, six five six.
D : Nine, O_ five one, three two, five one nine, O_.
E : Six three four one, zero, three two four.
B : Five six, seven one, nine O_, seven two, nine seven.
C : Six five six, two three, four zero seven five.
F : Nine four one, two six, zero three one zero.
E : One, nine four one, seven seven, four five two, five.
D : O_ O_ seven, five one three, three eight O_ one.
A : Six seven nine, seven eight, one two four five.
F : Four, seven eight four, two eight four zero five, five.
B : Six, seven six five, eight nine, six four eight, six.
C : Six six three, three four zero, two eight three.
D : Five four two, two seven zero, seven nine five five.
E : One three nine nine, three, six seven nine.
A : Five one zero nine, two one nine five, zero four three
F : Four six seven one, zero five five one, three three five eight.
C : Zero five eight, four four, eight eight eight two,
B : Eight nine, five eight, nine six, zero zero, four eight.
D : Four eight three two, one, six three three.
E : Three one four, three eight seven, seven eight seven one
A : Two, zero eight two, eight two, eight two seven, seven.
C : six two five one, six two four three, one seven six seven.
B : Six three one, one seven four, nine seven three.
A : Nine, five nine four, six two, seven
A : Joel.
E : And  only  laughing  one  left,  couldn't  get
D : Oh no.
C : I'm  mistakes.
A : He - You almost made me mess up.
D : I had to plug my ears. I couldn't listen to everybody else.
E : Um.
B : It was hard!
C : Oh yeah? That's why I - that's why I sat back here, I was like, "I didn't want - I - I don't wanna look at you people."
E : I- it just c-
F : It's - it's funny how distracting it is, you know? It's like there's  no content.
B : It is.
E : It is.
A : Ye- he almost made me mess up.
F : Did y- did you finish your last batch? O_K.
F : You're  middle  I'm  edge.
D : Yeah.
E : Yeah. I mean, I got all the way down and then the very last one came and I was like, "I haven't laughed." @@
C : Oh, no.
F : The same   - same time or within an hour ra- of it.
C : Signing off.
E : @@
A : So we're gonna like give this to somebody who like wasn't here
F : Yeah, well, I think  want  does  a first pass, I mean it -
A : to  transcribe? Oh, yeah? Oh, O_K.
D : And then we get to check it  through it.
D : I think it'll be interesting.
E : Yeah, I'd like  to.
F : Yeah, well O_K, @@  -
C : Well, we have  version  or  whatever.
A : Oh, good. Oh, that's  right.
D : Oh, this is exciting.
A : We have to sign this, Jennifer Alexander.
F : Yeah, and you know - this is - I - I put this - I sort of went - I had two versions of this and I blended them   together so it's not as -
C : No , it's great.
D : I'll just try and   note some things down .
F : Yeah. If you happen to think of some particular s- startling changes  I've  run across that were surprising.
F : The Tigerfish  experience,
D : Mm-hmm.
F : sometimes come up with some really  surprising  things.
F : There was one that was nowhere  close  really  was  because the word involved "granularity". Well, you know. I don't know how often -
F : They were putting it in terms that had to do with finance.  granularity ".
C : Granularity?
C : And, like, statistical  things. Like um,
C : like - we have all taken stats,  I'm assuming. So, you know -
A : No.
D : No.
D : Nnn-mm.
E : @@ .
F : Yeah, I've run across things that - it's just clearly that  -
F : Oh, how was that  one done? Interesting.
A : Whew.
C : Yeah, they just - euh!
F : Yeah, O_K, @@
E : Yeah, @@ .
A : Oh. Oh.
B : I  wouldn't know how to spell it.
E : I  either.
A : I  wouldn't have known that.
A : Now  do!
C : And so if you come across that word -
F : Oh, you did?  @@  or -
A : Yeah, I would start saying something and then feel very like out in the open, like "Wow, everybody's listening to me."
F : I know.
F : That's @@  Thank you very much.
A : I hit my mike at least ten times.
A : Oh, I accidentally hit my mike like ten times. Cuz my head kept itching, so.
