Decision1

A :  So um one of the things I I was gonna mention to you um you guys the designers is that um it m we probably need a rever it needs to be a universal remote control probably .
B :  Okay .
A :  Um so something that could do N_T_S_C_ as well as PAL as well as various other formats like if it's gonna control D_V_D_s but um you know I'll leave that to you guys but that's something that i i it is gonna be an international sold thing .
D :  Makes sense .

Decision2

C :  I assume that we're building a stand alone uh remote control , we can't kind of build it into other uh products .
A :  You mean to like
C :  For instance like a mobile phone or something like that .
B :  Mm . Sounds interesting .
A :  Hmm . Yeah .
D :  I don't think there's any rules about it yet . So
B :  Maybe our personal coach will have something to say about that .
D :  Yeah .

Decision3

B :  Maybe a remote with changeable faces , like the faces that you can buy for phones . Yeah .
C :  Nice . Hot .
D :  I like the little cover thingies .
A :  Uh-huh y I like that

Decision4

C :  Now are we also discussing kind of our initial ideas at all here ?
A :  Yeah yeah let's do it , let's do .
C :  S does anybody have any initial ideas ?
A :  I'm gonna go ahead and take notes on this too 'cause
D :  Good idea . Start your minutes . Um
A :  Yeah I mean oh yeah right . So initial ideas .
D :  Well it's pretty much given it's gonna be universal right , we decided that already and it may be functioning for other things ,
A :  Yeah .
D :  as soon as you said that I was thinking like all the other things you could get a remote to do , like your microwave or your front door or like to have everything on one thing , but then , I've never been a fan of those huge remotes that have like a million buttons , you can't tell what they do .
B :  Yeah .
A : B :  S smaller's better . Simple .
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Yeah .
C :  But I'm thinking I'm thinking kind of P_D_A_ uh design so touch screen design rather than button so that you can kind of flip around all sorts of different things .
D :  Specific . Okay .
B :  Oh right . That'd be different .
D :  Interesting .
A :  Yeah that's slick isn't it . I mean like stylist yeah like a just a yeah . Right so we got five minutes more to chat about this , perfect . Um so we've got this kind of an idea of a trade-off between um uh size and functionality . Um and we also
B : C : D :  True . Mm . Mm . Right . We want it to be munt multifunctional but at the same time if you get it to do too much you're not gonna be able to tell them apart , that whole yeah .
B :  Yeah . It's gonna be too complicated , too crowded with buttons and things .
C :  Too confusing .
A :  I'm also gonna note for future reference this idea of um so you like maybe like an L_ like a touch screen type of remote ?
D :  Hmm .
C :  Mm-hmm . Possibly .
D :  Mm .
A :  I don't think one exists . Be a good idea .
D :  An interesting option .
B :  Needs it needs one outstanding feature to set it apart from all the other remotes .
D :  Yeah . Definitely .
A :  Yeah all the other universal remotes . Um I don't know if there's such a thing out there , I guess we could do some uh do some research on or one of us could do some research on it about whether or not there are um multi-format like um you know PAL , N_T_S_C_ , region one
D :  Right .
C :  I'm pretty sure there is . I mean I I have a friend who has a P_D_A_ that he just points at his telev any television he wants and it'll figure out the the specifications of it and will control it um so I th I assume that that can be done with uh kind of around the world .
A :  Okay . Okay .
D :  That Yeah .
A :  Interesting . Okay .
D :  Awesome . Yeah .
A :  Okay . Okay . Um all right . So . I li I'm liking that idea , this idea of a touch screen remote with multi-format features . Um .
D :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Right .
A :  Um . Let's see .
B :  I think , making it out of a nice material would be very important , because so many of those remotes that you see , these universal remotes look so cheap and low quality .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Mm .
D :  Yeah . Keeping it nice and slick , would be important . And I don't know , like , there's such a problem with losing them , that adding this whole like P_D_A_ pen business is only one more thing to lose , so we're gonna have to be careful with what like
A : B :  Mm .
C :  Oh .
D :  Just something like keep in mind when we start actually dealing with this stuff but that would be really cool .
A :  Uh let's see . Um .
C :  I like the idea of the uh multi plate . In in
B : A :  Yeah yeah okay .
D :  Yeah . Fi b like what are they called , those face plate things ? Isn't there a name for them ? Are they ? I dunno .
B : A :  Think they're just called face plates ? I don't know .
B :  something , uh we'll have to come up with a name , patent it .
C :  I like . We should c we should come up with a fuzzy one as well . For those cold winter days .
D :  Yeah . Something really cool .
A : B : D :  Leopard print or something .
B :  Leopard print .
A :  Um .
D :  Hmm .

