Decision1

B :  Yeah um we went for like a a circular design for the numbers because we thought that's kind of a more natural movement than just going like that with your thumb . Uh e ergonomics are all considered . Yeah .
D :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Oh okay .
D :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Yeah . Ergonomic , definitely ergonomic .
C :  And it might actually help with the repetitive stress injury as well . Okay .

Decision2

B :  Okay , as for the colours , we were presented with um a limited range of colours for this prototype . But we're thinking that , seeing as we're having it in interchangeable casing anyway , that this is not necessarily a representation of the true colours that we would necessarily use . Or the combination .
D :  Oh it smells good .
C :  Of Play Doh yeah .
B :  Um and we're thinking to carry-on with the fruit and vegetable theme , the colour um combination just could just be named after different fruit , like banana could be black and yellow , watermelon red and green , or vanilla might be the most popular if it just uh blends in more settled cream instead of the others are all a bit garish .
A :  Oh right .
C :  'Cause it'd be quite subtle and
A :  Yeah . It looks more Think like vanilla and banana would .
B :  Banana's more representative of our colour scheme , like the company the yellow and black .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Okay yeah .
B :  So that for corporate identity that would probably be the most strength . I mean watermelon , you know , m probably appealing to the yeah , seasonal .
C : D : A :  Kinda Christmas , you know .
C :  Yeah , yeah , yeah .
B :  Apple green , brown , more kinda trendy , you know , khaki
A :  Yeah .
C :  The pomegranate's kinda girly and funky kind of , and then the vanilla's more for the more sophisticated customer who just wants something that fits in with all decor .
A :  Cool .
B :  Yeah .

Decision3

A :  Um we're using a regular chip .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Um , it's cur it's double curved , so its curved all around . That's another three . We're already at five . Um , we're using plastic and rubber , so
B :  Double double-curved yeah . Yeah .
A :  Good thing plastic is free , we're at eight .

Decision4

C :  What about a special colour ? Are we using that ?
A :  S Yeah . I guess we should do it just for one kind . So it's like special colour well we'll have two colours right ? Well one colour for the case , one colour for the buttons . So we can
B :  Yeah . Yeah . Mm-hmm .
C :  Yeah .

Decision5

A :  Yeah . Good work guys . So um our operating cost is twelve twenty Euros .
C :  That's good .
A :  Awesome .

