Decision1

B :  Okay , uh we now need to discuss the project finance . Um so according to the brief um we're gonna be selling this remote control for twenty five Euro , um and we're aiming to make fifty million Euro . Um so we're gonna be selling this on an international scale . And uh we don't want it to cost any more than uh twelve fifty Euros , so fifty percent of the selling price .
D :  'Kay . Um , can we just go over that again ?
B :  Sure .
D :  Uh , so bas at twel Alright , yeah . Okay . So cost like production cost is twelve fifty , but selling price is is that wholesale or retail ? Like on the shelf .
B :  All together . Um I dunno . I imagine That's a good question .
D :  Our sale our sale anyway . Yeah , okay okay .
B :  I imagine it probably is our sale actually because it's probably up to the the um the retailer to uh sell it for whatever price they want . Um .
D :  Okay . Mm-hmm . Alright .

Decision2

B :  But I I don't know , I mean do you think the fact that it's going to be sold internationally will have a bearing on how we design it at all ?
D :  Yes .
B :  Think it will ? Um .
D :  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm .
B :  Hmm .
D :  Well right away I'm wondering if there's um th th uh , like with D_V_D_ players , if there are zones . Um f frequencies or something um as well as uh characters , um different uh keypad styles and s symbols .
B :  Oh yeah , regions and stuff , yeah . Yeah . Okay .
A :  Hmm .
B :  Yeah . Well for a remote control , do you think that will be I suppose it's depends on how complicated our remote control is .
D :  Um . I don't know . Yeah .
A :  It does make sense from maybe the design point of view 'cause you have more complicated characters like European languages , then you need more buttons .
B :  Yeah , yeah . Okay .
D :  Yeah .
A :  So , possibly .
D :  Yeah . And then a and then al the other thing international is on top of the price . I'm thinking the price might might appeal to a certain market in one region , whereas in another it'll be different , so
B :  What , just like in terms of like the wealth of the country ? Like how much money people have to spend on things like ?
D :  Just a chara just a characteristic of the Just Or just like , basic product podi positioning , the twenty five Euro remote control might be a big hit in London , might not be such a big hit in Greece , who knows , something like that , yeah .
B :  Aye , I see what you mean , yeah . Marketing . Good marketing thoughts . Oh gosh , I should be writing all this down . Um .

Decision3

D :  so I'm wondering right away , is selling twenty five Euros , is that sort of the thi is this gonna to be like the premium product kinda thing or
B :  Yeah , yeah . Like how much does , you know , a remote control cost .
D :  Uh-huh .
B :  Well twenty five Euro , I mean that's um that's about like eighteen pounds or something , isn't it ? Or no , is it as much as that ? Sixteen seventeen eighteen pounds .
D :  Mm-hmm . Yep . Yeah , I'd say so , yeah .
B :  Um , I dunno , I've never bought a remote control , so I don't know how how good a remote control that would get you . Um .
D :  No . Yeah , yeah .
B :  But yeah , I suppose it has to look kind of cool and gimmicky .
D :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Um right , okay .

