Decision1

B :  Uh okay we basically have the same kinda lay-out here it's just um you hold it like this and it gets kinda moulded to the to the shape of your hand , basically . Um on the left we've got the scroll for the volume , on the right we have buttons for the channels up and down and that kinda so you can hold it and scroll , or you can hold it and and push . Uh this is the power key , um it's kinda like the biggest so you know how to turn on .
A :  Uh-huh .
B :  Uh that's the little menu key . This is the infra-red section so you g it'll be sending rays and if you're you know pointing it like that it can send it , or if you hold it up like that it'll send it . Uh we got a microphone there which for all the voice commands so you can you know talk to it like that and it'll still understand . Um the logo is down down there um and has the cover on it and you can see like it just kinda goes the red bit's the cover and it kinda goes over everything and then there's holes for the buttons to come through . Um .
A :  Yep , yeah , good , good . Uh-huh . Yep , right . Uh-huh .
C :  Mm . S
A :  Yep , yep , mm-hmm .

Decision2

C :  And so we figured it would be kind of you know a light weight plastic , just kind of a light non-descript grey so that people'll wanna buy the covers and then the covers will be that sort of rubbery material like they make iPod covers , so they kinda just stretch over .
B :  Mm .
A :  Uh-huh . Yep yep . Yep . showing me age , I don't know what i c iPod covers are like . Yeah yeah .
B :  Mm .
C : B : C :  Yeah , well I I didn't know that but yeah they're kind of it's just kind of a rubbery and that way you know spongy like is something that people wanted and it just sort of stretches over and that way I think probably helps protect it a little bit too as well and
A :  Uh-huh . Okay , yep , right .
B :  Yeah . Mm-hmm . But it's also e e easier to put on versus like mobile covers you actually have to screw them on and stuff and you kinda sometimes have to get someone to do that for you . This is very much you should be able to stretch it over yourself and it'll be fine .
A :  Okay . Yep .
C :  just kinda stretch it over
A :  Okay , good yeah .
C :  and it'll just stay on and then the buttons come through and so and then the each one of 'em on the very end will have the logo with the yellow circle and the R_R_ .
B :  Yeah . Yeah .
A :  Yep , right .
B :  Li that'll be the covers as well , yeah yeah .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , yeah .

Decision3

A :  Um then again the the the the shape of the case means that it's it's expensive to uh um l to make 'cause of the the th the double curves but on the other hand because of our overall fashion concept um we we should exceed the the sales targets . Um it's simply made of plastic so th that's uh that's no problem and uh um just because the whole the colour of the the whole thing that's uh uh there's some cost there .

