Decision1

B :  Y you could add an extra feature actually . Which makes this thing raise hell when you remove it too far from the television .
C :  Yeah .
B :  We could add that but that's nothing we have thought of so far .
A :  Which , which may be cheaper than speech recognition if it were just a
B :  Yes .
C :  Yeah true . But I mean d just those whistling , clapping key rings you have . They're cheap . So it can't be that
D :  Annoying alarm or something ? Yeah .
B :  It's it's
A : B :  Um the it's based on this anti anti-theft technology for suitcases and stuff , where you have one piece that's attached to your luggage , another piece that starts beeping . That can't cost much .
C :  expensive .
A :  Some sort of proximity
C :  Yeah . Yeah .
B :  So that can also easily be integrated because these things are small enough to to hide , so you have one piece , you have to glue somewhere behind your stick it behind your T_V_ and the other
C :  stick it on the T_V_ .
A :  Pray that you don't accidentally lose that piece .
D : C : B :  Right . That'd be tough then . Well also your remote would uh alarm you if somebody stole you t your television , yeah . Ran off with it without taking the beautiful remote control .
A : C :  Yeah .
D :  So . Are we adding one of these two features ? gonna say okay .
B :  Let's add one of those features and say yes .
A :  Okay .

Decision2

A :  Uh first of all energy source , we picked battery . Um and how many batteries do we think this will probably take ? Probably
C : A :  some e either two or four .
B :  Two .
A :  Two ? Like it .
B :  At four it's gonna be too heavy , so that that's not our problem . People can change it every month .
A :  Excellent .
D : C : B :  They won't know until after they bought it .

Decision3

A :  Alright so for the electronics our choices are simpl simple chip-on-print , regular chip-on-print , advanced chip-on-print , sample sensor , sample speaker .
B :  .
C :  We're advanced chip are we ?
B :  That's the advanced chip-on-print , yeah .
A :  'Kay , we have one of those .

Decision4

A :  'Kay then the case is a Probably it's double curved .
B :  Double curved , yes .

Decision5

A :  Case materials are plastic .
B :  Plastic .

Decision6

A :  Special colour ?
B :  Exactly , right .
D :  Oh .
B :  That's not a special colour . It's a specially ugly colour , but it's not special .

Decision7

A :  So our total is fifteen point five . Which I believe is
B :  Yeah that's too much .
A :  by three Euros over .
B :  It's hard to believe . So we'll go for the hand dynamo huh ?
A : D : C : A :  So the only thing better than um a banana-shaped remote is one that you shake .
C :  If it w
D : C :  What if we completely took out the the one single button we've got on . And just had a scroll wheel interface . And the L_C_D_ display . I suppose the L_C_D_ C_ display's the one that's pushing it up a bit though .
B : A :  Yeah 'cause the
D : A :  Well 'cause we have to have both right ?
C :  Yeah .
B :  I mean let's let's face it , it also depends on the software on the on the television . You can have the the information that this thing transmits be being displayed on the on the screen . So s yeah let's take away the
C :  Yeah .
A :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Yeah you could maybe take out the L_C_D_ dis display even , if it if it comes up on the computer itsel on the T_V_ itself .
B :  Yeah . Yeah . Right .
A :  So we may not need the L_C_D_ display ?
C :  Uh that is possible yeah .
B :  Right . We may not need it . There you go . Perfect .
A :  Well there we go . Twelve point five .
C :  There we go .
D :  Perfect .
A :  Okay .

