Decision1

B :  Um , you know , people want something new , something technologically innovative and different , so the whole idea with the L_C_D_s and the spinning and the colours and the voice recognition is quite like , quite the thing to go for . And um , yeah it wants to look fancy , fancy look and feel . So
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Okay . So um uh maybe uh as you're discussing things , is it okay if we just uh keep highlighting things here ? Right . So mm uh so it yeah , so probably voice recognition is is kind of important , right ? Um and an yeah . Okay , I I have a point about L_C_D_ , I dunno if it is the right point to take it up . W uh L_C_D_s are basically for feedback , right , to the user who's pressing buttons , and the feedback can come through television itself , so do we need an L_C_D_ on the remote ?
C :  Yeah , yeah , sure . Yeah .
B :  Yeah , yeah .
C :  That's over on the interface , if if you could put Yeah . And maybe the L_C_D_ and spinning so that means we need an advanced thing . Mm-hmm .
B :  Mm . Depends how fast your television runs , really , don't don't you think ? I mean we've got one of those um Telewest boxes and you put the number in the remote and then you wait and then it goes to the T_V_ and then you wait , and then it comes , so i it actually takes quite a long time . And if you get the number in wrong , then it's a bit of a pain , so I think , you know , a screen on the remote would probably cut down your time on that . But like remotes do tend to get f thrown about a bit .
A :  Mm .
C :  Mm .
A :  Right . Right .
C :  It it is also quite nice though to to have something here so you don't interrupt the picture on the screen , so if you're watching something
B :  You know ? Yeah .
A :  That's true , yeah , that's also
B :  And i it would be like I mean if you could make it integrate with the T_V_ then it could come up with new information about what's on , and you could just see that on the remote rather than
C :  Yeah . Rather than having to interrupt your viewing pleasure .
B :  Yeah . But um I think maybe a way to do it would be a similar way to how you have your mobile phone , you know , like you have the slidey ones and you have the flippy ones and then the screen's protected so it doesn't actually get scratched . So you can have like what looks like a normal remote control , you know or like a minimalist remote control . So you got your buttons one to nine , your on and off and your volume on that and then if you want to mess about with it , you flip it open and , yeah .
A :  Right .
C :  Mm .
A :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Mm right .
C :  And then you can flip it open .
A :  Okay . So now we seem to have a consensus that L_C_D_s are definitely the way to go because of style and
C :  Yeah , I think so .
B :  Yeah , so that kind of decides your whole chip thing .
A :  Right .
C :  Yeah .
A :  You you agree ? Maarika , yeah ? Yeah .
D :  Yep , yeah .
C :  Right .
A :  So L_C_D_s , yeah , definitely . Go on .
B :  Okay ? Cool .

Decision2

B :  Okay , apparently , fruit and vegetables will be providing inspiration . Sorry , I discovered clip art . Um so these will be an important feature for clothes , shoes and furniture . So I mean , I'm taking this to mean , you know , curviness .
C : A : B :  Do you know ? 'Cause you don't tend to get flat vegetables . You know ?
C :  Yeah , and possibly even uneven , like not not symmet yeah .
A :  Mm-hmm .

Decision3

B :  Yeah , bit of asymmetry and stuff . But that would be a good way to to get in the whole um R_S_I_ issue in there , because I mean if you think most people use the remote control with their right hand ha right hands so you wanna you curve it so that it's suitable for use with the right hand . Um yeah , I'm not quite sure about the relevance of material will be spongy . Um
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Right .
D :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Mm .
C :  Mm-hmm . Something a bit squishy and
B :  Yeah , but I mean y you have to
A :  Yeah , we we have we have rubber , but there is a problem that I forgot to discuss with the um with using
D :  So it could be like a rubbery yeah , uh-huh .
B :  Well I suppose you wouldn't get a remote uh an electric shock off your remote control if it was made of rubber .
C :  Yeah , and it'd help if you drop it , it protects it as well .
B :  Yeah , yeah .
C :  To some degree .
A :  So if if we use uh latex cases , they won't allow us to use solar cells , as an energy source that is the constraint , so um we could use titanium , wood or plastic uh or uh
C :  Uh-huh . Or if we want to use the the latex , then we have to go with one of the other um power things .
B :  If it's made of rubber you could get the kinetic energy fairly easily there , you could just bounce it up and down .
A :  Yeah , w energy source .
C :  From from bouncing it . You can have it as like a little ball to bounce , that flips open .
A :  Yeah , tap it on the desk , yeah .
D : B :  Yeah . Um so yeah , um okay .

Decision4

A :  Mm . So probably double curved surface is the way to go , yeah , .
B :  Yeah , yeah .
C :  Mm yeah .
A :  Or or curved at one end and flat on the top , because I I'm not sure if it is flat on both both the sides , then ho how much easy would it be to reach for buttons , etcetera . Um
B :  You have to have a certain element of flatness , I think . It it depends on the whole ergonomics of it , you know , it's like how you put your hands so y it's the least movement basically .
A :  Yeah . Yeah . Yeah , singe single side curved or double side curved does not say too much , does it ? It uh
C :  Uh-huh .
B :  No , I d I don't think it makes a lot of difference . I I have one of those s slidey phones and I mean the back is essentially straight , but it's curvy , so . Besides , you have four sides to a thing , so I mean does curved one side mean one side is straight and , you know curved two sides means the whole thing is just a big curvy p thing ?
C :  Mm .
A :  Mm . Uh I think uh
C :  Yeah , 'cause the Yeah .
A :  Right . Right . Di now did it say anywhere in your research material about this sliding stuff uh because um according to the information that I have , I think uh the onl only options that we have with the case is are these three . Uh eith either we have uh a flat surfaced uh case or a curved surfaced case . It does not say anything about uh whether technically , you know , this this stuff is available at all .
C :  Dunno .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Nothing to open them .
B :  Yeah . Uh it's it's more about the protecting the L_C_D_ , which I think is where it came from . But no , my research didn't tell me anything , which is why we have all the pictures , 'cause I had nothing better to do with my time . Okay , cool .
A :  Right , yeah , yeah . Right .

Decision5

C :  Looking at what we've got , we we want an L_C_D_ display with a spinning wheel .
A :  Yeah .

Decision6

A :  yeah , so um hand dynamos are definitely out , right ?
C :  Yeah , rub off some of those .
D : C :  Yeah , it's not that's not streamlined and sexy , having a having a wind up .
A :  You you got a wind dynamo , yeah .
D :  Yeah uh-hum yeah .
A :  Okay . Um kinetic energy does seem to have some kind of uh uh appeal , but uh
C :  I think tha
B :  It's about the practicality of it really , isn't it ? You know ? I mean if
A :  it's Yeah . As against a watch , which constantly keeps moving , this this thing will have to be tapped every time , which which might be very frustrating for the user .
C :  Depends how much how much movement it really needs . Pr presumably if they're suggesting it , then we could use it . I'd I'd keep it on .
A :  Kinetic energy it needs I don't have too much technical information on that , yeah , right . Okay , let's keep it option uh keep an option , yeah .

Decision7

A :  Um the flat co completely flat case is definitely out , right ? It has to be at least curved from one side , yeah .
D :  Yeah it's yeah .
C :  We don't want that it's no it's not not vegetable .

Decision8

A :  Um okay , we still have all all the options . Wood , do you think wood will be a good idea ?
C : D :  N wood is I can't n how do you uh I mean you can't keep it really small uh you can't make it like thin and
A :  Mm . Right .
D :  The wood thing . Because you need to you n you need to put all the technology in , so I mean if the case you add the case and it it becomes a bit bulky wi mm-mm yeah .
C :  Mm .
B :  I can't imagine a m wooden remote control .
A :  Yeah if if it is really thin if it is really thin it it's likely to break , it's it's much more uh
C :  Mm .
D :  Yeah , yeah .
C :  Yeah , and given that we're we're looking at more spongy material preferences , I ha would think maybe rubber or plastic is more
D :  Yeah .
A : D :  U yeah wood is not really yeah .
A :  Right .
B :  Well it's not very cleanable either , do you know . It's it's not a practical I mean it's it's alright for a table , but for a remote control , you know .
C :  Yeah .
A :  That's true .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
B :  And splinters and stuff and
A :  Yeah , okay wood is out .
C :  Yeah .
B :  It just m doesn't make any sense , I think is the thing with wood .
A :  Right .
D :  Yeah , yeah , in the case of remote control not really .
C :  Yeah .

Decision9

A :  Okay , now for the really interesting stuff , the interface . Right , so uh the the push-buttons is is our expertise uh in the industry , but uh it seems to be out of trend , you know , nobody seems to be
C :  Yeah .
B :  You have to have some push-buttons , don't you ?
D :  Yeah , but you um I think for for the channel numb uh channel numbers you still need them , wouldn't you ?
C :  Mm-hmm .
B :  G yeah , yeah .
A :  Mm right .
D :  Yeah , so for channel numbers but
A :  Oh , if if we have L_C_D_ displays , that opens up a whole world , you know , if you have an L_C_D_ display , then mm you can select almost everything on the L_C_D_ display .
D :  But I th yeah but I think the L_C_D_ display is kind of yeah , it's faster with a m yeah and w if we dis and when we s um discussed that we might like this flipping open thing , then I mean y you can use it as a normal remote control , but if you do want to use L_C_D_ , then you flip it open , but it's it it's more time-consuming .
C :  Just for fast
B : A :  Right .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Okay .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah . I think this is going back to the the graph at the beginning that I made , where , you know , the buttons that people use all the time , you want buttons for them and everything else menu-driven .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Mm right .
D :  Yeah .
C :  And it yeah L_ L_C_D_ .
A :  So uh in in the buttons we have for the channels also we have options . Do you do we enumerate everything from zero to nine ? Or do we have just uh channel plus , channel minus , just to just to scroll ?
D :  No , no , I mean mm we we definitely need the the numbers , because it's uh otherwise people don't want to flip through all the channels . Um
A :  The numbers .
B :  Yeah . Yeah .
C :  Do we need them on as buttons or do we need them as L_C_D_ ?
A :  Right . Or on the L_C_D_ we can , you know
B :  G yeah , I would think buttons , yeah .
D :  Yeah , I would say buttons , because it's yeah .
C :  Buttons .
A :  Okay . So mm
B :  It's it's the I think the thing is , so if someone just wants to turn on their T_V_ and put on a channel , then it should be easier to use than any other remote , and then if someone wants to , you know , change the contrast on their T_V_ and they should be able to do that and it should be accessible , but , you know , I mean most of the time I mean there's a limit to how much the biggest techno geek can spend fiddling with the T_V_ , I think is the the the issue there .
D : I
C :  Mm . Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Alright .
D :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Right . Okay , so buttons definitely in but oh shall we uh try to draw a prec um
C :  I think that's what you guys are gonna do next , so if we put down the key um things that we want .
A :  Uh okay . Okay , okay , so the components . Right , so uh what about the the scrolling uh ?
D :  Yeah . Yeah but n I I'm not completely um completely clear uh I yeah , about the spinning wheel . So I think it it doesn't make sense to have both like a scrolling and spinning thing , it's uh you can al include everything in the spinning if you yeah , yeah , in that case .
B :  E either or
C :  Just spinning and not scrolling , I would say .
B :  G yeah . I would say the s the s the spinning goes at a high speed to th to the scrolling wheel , so you have to decide whether you you know , you want to be going so fast or not .

Decision10

B :  But I mean the the thing with this whole if y you're planning on making it out of rubber , on the basis that it's spongy , then I'm not sure how well a scrolling wheel would work .
C :  Yeah . Hmm .
A :  Mm um
C :  But if you've got a if if you've got a flipped thing , effectively it's something that's curved on one side and flat on the other side , but you folded it in half . Th that would be on one side , uh-huh .
D :  Ah , but I mean you can
B :  Yeah , but y your spinning wheel tends to go to one side .
A :  I'm not sure it'll be a good idea to construct the whole thing out of rubber . Uh i it
D :  Yeah , I um I think so too , I mean the case would be yeah the case would be rubber and the the buttons ,
C :  No , I think it's just the casing rubber on the outside .
B :  You want an outside of rubber and then open it up and
A :  Or or at the corners , edges , just the edges covered by rubber or something like that . Everything else in plastic or even titanium if we want to use it .
C :  Yeah .
D :  rubber buttons , but then
C :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Or maybe like interchangeable cases .
A :  Mm-hmm .
B :  'Cause I know like we're going back to iPods again n the whole spinning wheel , but I have like a you know , obviously my iPod's not made of rubber , but then I have a little rubber case that goes over the top of it and I can change the colour , theoretically , to match my outfit .
A :  Right , right .
C :  Mm .
D : A :  Right , okay , so so that gives us a more trendy look as well . Um
C : B :  Yeah , I think the spinning wheel is definitely very now .
A :  Right . Yeah , and uh we're going more for the trends than for the usability anyway , right ? So
C :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Mm-hmm .
C :  That's right , that's what they're after .
B :  Yeah .

Decision11

A :  And uh colours can be provided with the case rather than Um but we still need to te think about the colour of our remote as such , you know , just keep it black , or
C :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Yeah I think we um it was a a requirement that we use our um th the colours of our company , so would it be like yellow , grey and black or something , or
C :  I guess .
B :  That doesn't fit in with the whole vegetable theme though .
D :  Yeah , does
C :  Bananas .
D :  Yeah . Banana's yellow , yeah , definitely .
B :  Yeah , but I mean do you think we could incorporate the colours of the company into the buttons and then make the colour of the main remote the colour like vegetable colours , do you know ? So you could have like I mean I suppose vegetable colours would be orange and green and some reds and um maybe purple and that and then you'd pick the buttons in company colours to to match with it .
C :  Mm-hmm . Green . Yeah .
A :  Mm .

Decision12

B :  So are we discounting solar energy because rubber's gonna be used in there somewhere or
C :  That was the
A :  Oh is oh the constraint was uh yeah .
B :  If solar panels with the rubber .
C :  We can't have solar panels with rubber , so .
A :  Yeah . So
B :  Yeah , okay , so we lose that I think .
C :  Shall we go for if we're going for rubber , we think uh on as our case , and then
D :  Mm-hmm . And the buttons as well , I think . Yeah .
C :  Yeah .

Decision13

A :  I think uh we'll have uh uh using the simple battery will be a safer option as compared to the kinetic energy one , I mean , a although it does seem uh interesting . But it does not hold any advantages as such for a yeah .
C :  We've got five more minutes . Mm-hmm .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah . Yeah , mm-hmm .
B :  It's just a gimmick .
A :  Okay . Uh okay , so r we understand this better now that uh the the speaker is for the feedback , right ? It it says uh the things that you type in or something like that , so
C :  Mm-hmm . Yeah . I think if we can if we can include them at not too much extra cost , then I'd put them in , but if it's
A :  Ye yeah , we we don't have too much information about it , um
C :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , but it it I think it should be quite cheap because it's from our own company , yeah .
C :  It's from the company , so
A :  Yeah , okay , so so th this is in as well then , the sample speaker .
C :  Yeah .

Decision14

C :  Okay . And the case is curved on one side , but then flat flat , so it's flipped into each other .
A :  Right . Flat on the top .
D :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Yeah .

Decision15

A :  Uh um we we're definitely going in for voice recognition as well as L_C_D_s , mm .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah . We're on our way . Okay . So we've basically worked out that we're going with a simple battery , the advanced chip and a curved on one side case which is folded in on itself , um made out of rubber and
A :  Right . Yep .
C :  the buttons are also rubber . We're having push-buttons on the outside and then on the inside an L_C_D_ with spinning wheel , and we're incorporating voice recognition . That's our overall concept , and it's gonna look sort of vegetable , and be in bright vegetable colours .
D :  Um
B : D : A : D :  Uh-huh .

Decision16

D :  So w w would with have the spinning wheel inside with the L_C_D_ , or would it be on the outer
C :  I think it's on the
B :  Imagine it would be inside . So um actually that could like really cut down your thing , so you've got your outside , which is like minimalist , and then you open it up and you've got a screen and a spinning wheel , which you can incorporate buttons into . Um so you've still not got like a lot of stuff in the
D :  Okay .
A :  Mm .
D :  Mm-hmm . Yeah , okay . Mm-hmm .
C :  Mm-mm . Yeah .

