Decision1

B :  Um our project uh finance uh thing . Uh when we are and when w you are uh going to design w uh we must keep in mind that the selling price of the product uh will be about twenty five Euros , so when designing a project uh I also look at you uh Mael , keep in mind uh uh uh People uh
C :  Twenty four .
D :  Yeah .
B :  want to get the feeling this is a twenty five Euro project uh pr um
D :  Per remote control , yeah ? Per project .
B :  product .
A :  Mm .
B :  Yes . Okay .

Decision2

B :  Um more interesting for our company of course , p uh profit aim , about fifty million Euro . So we have to sell uh quite a lot of this uh um things . Uh we will try to uh
D : B :  to get at a international market uh so um it will be I think mainly Europe and uh Northern America ,
C :  Ah yeah , the sale man , four million .
B :  maybe some uh Asian countries .

Decision3

B :  Um also important for you all is um the the product uh production cost must be maximal uh twelve uh twelve Euro and fifty cents .
D :  So it's half of the selling price , if I am good in mathematics .
B :  Yes , of course . Uh um I mean we still have to uh to make a profit , huh ?
D :  Of course .

Decision4

B :  And uh now just let have some discussion about what is a good remote control and uh well keep in mind this this first point , it has to be original , it has to be trendy , it has to be user friendly . Um , maybe someone can mention some additional uh prerequisites for a good remote control .
A :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Of course it should have a on off button .
A :  Mm-hmm .

Decision5

B :  Yes , well i it should have the the the the expected functionality uh of a remote control .
A :  Mm . Yeah .
C :  Yeah , s and it depends what application you are using it for . You might need uh
A :  Mm .
B :  We wer we were thinking television . Uh .
A :  Mm .
C :  We are targ targeting the television set .

Decision6

C :  So , you need to record the channels . You need to browse the browse the channels in upward downward way ,
A :  Mm . Yeah .
B :  Mm-hmm . Yes , yes . Th th that's very handy I I always miss it and on some remote controls that you can go channel up or down ins instead of retyping the number , especially when you have a lot of channels .
A :  Mm .

Decision7

B :  So the browse function , as you m mentioned .
A :  Mm . Yeah . Oth yeah .
C :  And uh , you'd need the usual ones , like the changing the volume , changing the the channel and then you uh Today we have uh um teletext and all those things . Tomorrow you might have a some more functions which might come through that , so
B :  Yes . Yeah . Yes .
A :  Mm .

