Decision1

C :  Uh the batteries , uh we also thought about that already , uh will be chargeable with uh uh an option for a mount station so you can uh put the uh the remote control in a mount station so its charges itself up instead of uh plugging it in or something like that . Questions , ? Okay .

Decision2

A :  And we won't include a a pen , or something to point , hey , we we want to do it with our fingers , right ?
D :  Yeah . No . Yeah .
C :  Your fingers , yeah . You don't want uh Because if you lose the pen uh if you lose the pen uh you can't use
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Y you could include a pen .
D :  Use a pen You you c you can lose the pen .
A :  Yeah but I think people want to use a remote with with their fingers because th they're used to that and
D :  Yeah the fingers , yeah .

Decision3

A :  So we can discuss these points . those points um energy question mark . How how should we uh supply the thing with energy and how are we going to do it with separate docking station and then put in it . Uh chip on print and case . Those are points my uh coach advised me to discuss here , but I hope you have ideas about them .
D : B :  I think energy were batteries and then uh and uh Yeah .
C :  The docking station .
A :  Yeah . So that's the the the first point . We already decided that on the previous meeting .
D :  Maybe it's better to to include rechargeable batteries which you can recharge through the docking station .
C :  W
B :  Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . Just like with the telephone .
D :  So if the badg the batteries are dead
A :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Yeah . I kinda like your
D :  then you can re you can uh change them .
C :  Yeah you got some uh some of those uh uh wireless uh mice ? Mouse . Computer mouse .
D :  Yeah yeah yeah like those .
C :  Kinda like those kind of batteries .
D :  Yep .
B :  but it should be th I think normal batteries , not not like two or two uh
D :  Yeah , normal plain you No normal plain batteries you can buy at the supermarket or retail shop . Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Simple rechargeable uh batteries .
B :  Yeah .

Decision4

B :  Um what was with the chip on print ?
C :  The chip on print ? Um Uh you gotta f Yeah . I think so . Chip on print with a with a simple uh a sim not a simple but a
D :  Print plate .
C :  We also discussed that . Didn't we ?
A :  Yeah but how did this how does that with a L_C_D_ screen ? You still have a print plate .
C :  Uh
D :  Yeah yeah yeah . You always have a print plate .
C :  Beg your pardon ?
D :  You always have a print plate , right ? Always , so
C :  Yeah sure , of course , yeah .
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  I dunno what w what we have to decide about that .
A :  Yeah well it's a good question . It just was in there and I didn't have any information about it , but
B : D : C :  Well uh chip on print , I think what they mean uh with the regular rubber buttons that you got , uh it's always clear for the remote control when you press uh a certain button . But when you got a L_C_D_ screen , with no uh with not the buttons are not always on the same place , for example if you enlarge a button , or if you got several options uh appearing on your screen , uh the co-ordinations aren't always the same . When you got a regular button , th the button of stand-by is always on the same place and you got on the and on the
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Yeah , okay . But
B :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah okay , but the p print plate of L_ L_C_D_ screen is more advanced than a normal print plate , so that that's not of any discussion , I think .
C :  Yeah .

Decision5

C :  And the case , yeah we already discussed the case , we wanted to make it from rubber and uh
A :  Yeah .
B :  It's rubber .

Decision6

D :  So the shapes is something between the square shapes with round colo corners and a round shapes ?
C : D
D :  No I don't think , I think it's more round than square .
B :  Yeah it's a bit . But I think it should be a bit longer , perhaps .
D :  So it meets I think it meets more the young people than the older people .
B :  Yeah . I think so too .
A :  Yeah . But that's what we want , .
D :  Yeah , that's our target . Yeah .
C :  It's our main target .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Lower than forty years , I think
C : D :  it was .
C :  Well and how about my idea uh of making it um with one single curve ?
D :  Oh yeah that that I think I thought that was a quite good
C :  So i
B :  Yeah .
C :  Because it's a gadget and you want to show it off , of course .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah yeah you have a fancy design , then , right away . So
B :  Yeah .

Decision7

B :  And the speech uh shall we implement that ? Or uh
A :  Yeah well we just heard about the new uh technology , huh ?
D :  Yeah I think it's it's easy for that , where are you , but then it says I'm here .
C :  Technologies , uh . Yeah . Makes it possible to
B :  Yeah . But then you should also find a place You could if you do it like this you could put it in a corner or something . You can talk into the corner . Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Mm .
D :  Yeah , a microphone , yeah .
C :  Not even necessary , because a lotta you can make a very sensitive microphone , so it makes it possible to uh just put it arou uh underneath it or on the on the bottom of the uh remote .
A :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah maybe at the bottom where you can can hel hold it with you hand that there's also a microphone uh
B :  But
D : B :  Yeah , that's also .
C :  Yeah . Right .
A :  over there .
B :  So , in the middle or something .
C :  But that's not import I think that's not im very important because yeah , it doesn't matter where the microphone is .
A :  Yeah , yeah .
B :  but you should uh decide where you want to put it . Right ?
C :  Ah okay , sure , okay , well tha
D :  Um I think where it isn't seen
C :  Underneath ?
D :  the most .
C :  Indeed . It shouldn't be uh very uh visible .
D :  Inside .
B :  You could p you could put it in a logo of the company .
A :  Yeah . Well maybe just in the the spot you just pointed out
D :  Yeah . I i between the round of the R_ .
C :  Yeah sure , why no
B :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
A :  because I think it should be in a in an important position where people can see it , because it is the the unique uh idea of our remote , huh , the the speech control .
B :  Yeah . So where do you want to put it ?
D :  Yeah , okay .
A :  Well maybe where the one hand
C :  Yeah but it doesn't makes it uh any more fancy because you get to see uh
B :  Yeah actually it does because it you can you can find it better if you use it .
D :  Yeah . Yeah bu but
B :  It's a way for you to uh
C :  Uh .
B :  So it makes more sense just 'cause other remotes don't have that .
C :  Yeah , okay .
A :  But are we talking about the button , or about the microphone ? Yeah because a microphone is very small thing , but you can make it look like it's big so as its its really an important function of the remote .
B :  About a microphone , there is no button . Yeah .
D :  I think the left s under corner should be the best .
C : D :  Where isn't i it isn't most in sight .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Okay . Well put it there . I don't mind . That doesn't doesn't really matter .
D :  I think .
A : B : D :  No . Actually doesn't .
C :  Okay . So ?
B :  Alright .

Decision8

D :  I think I thought the , like you said , like scroll next to the remote isn't that handy . I think it's better to just up what you'd like to do on the screen . If you want to go back you have to back button go back , if you want to choose audio settings you press audio settings and it goes to that s sub-menu .
B :  Yeah .
C : B :  Yeah .
C :  Hey , .
B :  Um yeah . Yeah the the young people do like uh scroll uh yeah .
C :  Use the scroll . Yeah I think so too . So why not , on on side .
D :  Yeah ? You do like it ?
B :  Or at least Yeah I don't know if it's really the scroll , but the menu they like most , and I think you can never get through a menu great with a scroll uh
C :  Fast , yeah .
D :  Yeah I think it is is faster . Becau I think the scroll's easier if you have a lot of options , but if you don't have a lot of option then
C :  So if you've got a settings , if you Yes .
B :  But you have it's f uh we have five or four or something .
C :  You have a lot of options , because when you use Yeah you get w when you use uh the settings menu for example to look up some uh uh some channels on your uh on your television , you should scroll scroll down uh on a menu which probably does not fit on your screen . So then it's uh very handy to to scroll down , you make just a rubber just like uh on your mouse or . Just put it on the side and it's very easy to use .
D : Y
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Uh-huh . Yeah , okay , true .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Okay . Okay , no problem .
A :  And I think I would it would make even more fancy because you have another interesting thing on the side which you can touch and
C :  Yeah , yeah .
B :  Yeah . It's also different .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Okay .

