Decision1

C :  Well , the other thing is like even if it's got a few buttons , so we want it to be bigger than this , 'cause it still fits in your hand , so you still wanted something that's comfortable and substantial , but not necessarily full of buttons .
D :  It could be like this . Yes . I'd , well uh This one is really comfortable , like I like the sides whatever , because
C :  Are you gonna lose it easier ?
D :  But if we have the um , the locator , then we don't have to worry about that .
B :  That's true .
D :  So we can make it small if we have a l locating device .
C :  Yeah .
B :  If we do a voice-activated locator , though , we're gonna be looking at a more substantial chip . So
D :  Hmm .
C :  So i That's the other thing , it's like You know Are we gonna have certain chips that are gonna require bigger size period ?
D :  Two double A_s , for this size .
C :  But like , you know , if we get more complicated then it's gonna v be have to be bigger to just accommodate the chip size .
D :  Right .
B :  Honestly , I think the customer would be kind of irritated by the fact that it has a base if we did do a nice small , compact
A :  Right . I agree , it's either gonna be bigger with a base or smaller with just
D :  Yeah .
C :  So we sh
D :  Smaller , without Yeah .
A :  A battery like this guy . Alright , so what direction do you want to go in ? You wanna vote ?
C :  Yeah .
B :  Mm yeah .
D :  I think if we had a a locating device with the small one , I think that seems way more advanced .
A :  I'm kind of I'm kind of leaning in the direction of this kind of
B :  Yeah .
C :  I'm a away from the base . Yeah .
A :  bigger and the base . That just seems so clunky and
D :  Yeah .
B :  'Kay so
D :  Yeah , because I mean if even looking at cellphones right now , those trends the smaller the hotter it is , yeah
C :  Smaller and smaller , yeah , yeah , yeah .
A :  Okay .

Decision2

A :  Okay , so what kind of material do we want to be made out of ?
B :  Pieces everywhere . Well , we have lots of options . I don't think wood is a viable option .
D :  Yeah wood .
A :  No . Oh what did you Oh sorry , go ahead .
C :  Well , titanium s I was saying that titanium , if we're being restricted then I would probably lean away from that .
D :  Yeah , 'cause if it's gonna cost us more to produce a chip , titanium will be more expensive .
A :  Right . What would you recommend ?
B :  However , well , we only wanna sell it for twenty five Euro right ? 'Cause I was thinking if we wanted to get the high in market then you could produce a few in titanium , make them a rarity so to speak .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah . That'll Yeah , exactly .
A :  Mm .
C :  The selling point , yeah .
D :  We could do that , because all our research shows that people are definitely willing to spend more if
C :  Are we restricted by this ?
B :  Yeah . Well the original
A :  I I think we should just focus on one design and one concept right now.I'm not sure that we'll have the time and money to produce a whole array of
C :  Twenty five Euros
B :  Okay .
C : A :  remotes . If this was a successful remote , we might then produce a higher end version of it , I think .
B :  Yeah . Good plan .
D :  Good plan .

Decision3

A :  Okay , so we wanna go for plastic , or what would you recommend for materials ?
B :  Honestly I'd recommend like um uh since we're going with batteries instead of solar power , I'd recommend maybe a uh soft like latex , because we could produce , you know how cellphones have those overlays that you can change the colour . We could do uh one that fits in with the trends of the year so , because this year is all fruit , God only knows why , um we could do f a cherry cover for this year and then i if next year is stripes or solids , you know
A :  Hmm .
D :  Oh .
A :  Mm-hmm . Mm .
C : D :  Yeah , who knows .
A :  Okay .
C :  So you're talking about like when it leaves our salesroom then it's all gonna be cherry-coloured or is it gonna be the kinda thing where people come back and swap it ?
D :  O or we could like take off this .
A :  They could buy cases , maybe ,
B :  They could come back . And buy the extra case . So we could do like a b a hard base plastic , and then we could give two latex covers to start .
C :  Okay .
A :  if they wanted . I think it's good to sell a basic thing and then sell options .
D :  Yeah .
C :  The what the top face , right ?
D :  Yeah .
A :  Okay . Okay .
D :  Yeah , because the soft latex definitely is squishy . That's in . Well I mean squishier than like , yeah , just a hard plastic .
A :  Right . Right .

Decision4

B :  How complicated Are we gonna go with the voice activated
C :  Yeah .
A :  I don't think we should do voice , I think we should just do um the recognition for when it's lost , you know . could we Yeah .
C :  A tracker , yeah .
D :  'Cause that uh what it type of , yeah , for voice activation would it be like a certain term what we would say like ,
A :  Hmm .
D :  because people could just be talking and we don't want it going off all the time .
A :  Right .
D :  So uh
B :  Well , we could give it a specific code , you know , remote missing .
D :  Ooh . Uh see I'm uh I'm strangely attracted to it , because I know that's it's definitely gonna be big , because it's , I don't know , it's just so high-tech .
A : C :  Well , my little sister got for Christmas she got one of those key finders that's like a key-ring , and you have to whistle in a certain frequency for it to work . And then she would laugh and it would start going off in her purse , and you couldn't turn it off . So it became highly irritating .
B :  Yeah , see that would just irritate me .
A :  Oh dear .
D :  Oh , then maybe voice
A :  Okay .
D :  maybe voice activation won't be good .
B :  So I think having a key-phrase is much better .
A :  Okay . Alright . But it's not gonna be voice activated in the fact that you would say , channel up , and it would work , right ? Just a Okay , alright .
D :  Yeah , n n no , we just want it to be a finder .
C :  But then it
B :  No .
C :  Hmm . Okay .

Decision5

C :  Um what colour ?
A :  Oh , yeah . Latex covers . W
B :  We have to make sure that logo always sticks out when we put the latex covers on , so we'll have to like have a little square or something , so that the our logo's available .
C :  Well I sort of like having the a yellow strip at the bottom with the R_R_ like that .
D :  Yeah .
C :  And that's at the bottom of it .
A :  I think maybe we should do it on a b button itself though , because if people are able to change the covers , I don't know , maybe the on-off button , something , some the menu button , I don't know , but you know if we're gonna put our company logo on there and somebody could just get
C :  Which button ?
A :  another one . Are they all gonna have our company logo on them ? Every cover ?
B :  Yeah , I don't think we should do that , because that would just be icky . So I think maybe putting it on a button is probably a good idea .
A :  Yeah . If we want it to be visible and Um are all those those one that you showed where they were um s met silver-metallic looking ? But those are plastic , right ? They're not titanium . I kind of like that look . Uh but , or if it was really Yeah , for the base or if we're going for the retro look , I think , like a really shiny black would be cool .
C :  Yeah . Yeah .
B :  For our base one ?
D :  Yeah , or like a gun-metal grey , 'cause then it combines the silver and the black .
A :  What are your thoughts ? Gun-metal gray . There you go , gun-metal gray .
C :  I'm just really wary of the putting anything on a button .
A :  Why ?
B :  It'll wear off .
C :  What's the button Well , w w then what's the button do , and how do you know that that is what the button does ?
D :  Yeah , buttons wear off .
A :  Mm .
C :  I guess . Just looking at examples , y you just don't ever see the logo on a button , it's always on the actual casing .
A :  Right .
D :  Hmm .
B :  There's nothing saying that we have to put the logo on the front of the actual
C : D :  But we want it to be seen . We need it to be seen .
A :  On the back ? It d visible Visibility though 'Cause if it was only on the back really the only time you're gonna see it is when you drop it or when you're changing the battery .
C :  But you don't But uh , yeah , you don't see it . Well , hang on . The other option is , I don't know if you can see it but it's like if
A :  I can find it again .
C :  Yeah , it's like the second to last slide .
A :  Okay . And yours was called Interface Concept ?
C :  Interface , yeah .
A :  This one ? Well , for some reason I can't get it to just go to that slide directly .
C :  Yeah . Um . Okay , it's the very right one . You see at the bottom , it's kind of difficult to see , but you have like a d sort of s division between the bottom like , where the logo is , and if we have the replaceable section , it's like the top . It doesn't necessarily replace the entire top . And so you have that one piece that stays and the rest just sort of clips in .
A :  Mm . Okay , yes yes .
C :  If c you envisioning it ? And so that stays the same when you have the logo , and then you have this s slip that kinda clips in and that's the bit that changes .
A :  Okay .
B :  The only problem is we're using a latex overlay so it actually would go over top of everything and have holes for the buttons , so I was thinking maybe instead of doing that what we could do is leave a space for where the logo should be .
C :  Hmm . Yeah . Yeah , yeah .
A :  Like a little cut-out kind of
B :  Yeah .
C :  Right . That's like , you know , a a cellphone it's like the the screen is always just left opened .
A :  Okay .
D :  Right .
C :  And so , what we are gonna do it like bright yellow with the R_R_ ?
D :  Yeah . Some of tho
A :  Anybody see anything that they liked in these ones ?
D :  Well , some of those buttons though are blue-based . Um well , a lot of those buttons are blue-based . Well , kind of . Um and then if v we do have them illuminate upon contact , they could illuminate yellow . Like if we like the one all the way on the left , uh you ca you can see it on your computer better . Um where the button is actually blue , but the number itself is clear or white or whatever so if you pressed it would illuminate yellow . So we'd have blue and yellow for the touch buttons .
A :  Mm . Mm .
C :  Yellow .
A :  Yellow , I like that idea .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Mm . Mm .
C :  Oh , that one .
A :  I like the yellow illumination idea , very good .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Okay .

