Decision1

A :  Um so my pres personal preferences for this problem is we have to meet the user needs . If we can make it look fancy then we might sell more than our uh concurrent , okay . And definitely if it could have less buttons , still maybe the same number of um functions , but less buttons , this would definitely be a good way of selling more . Okay .
C :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Okay .
D :  Functions .
B :  Okay .
A :  So
C :  Mm okay .

Decision2

C :  So , I had some
A :  So .
C :  new information about the product requirements , so you will have to take care of it of it in your thinking , in your designing of the remote control . So the first one is that um for the designing of the remote control we don't really want to use the teletext anymore , as it's something that's
D :  Mm-hmm .
C :  It's is uh
A :  Lame , or
C :  No yeah , because now everybody has internet at home , so it's better to use internet then teletext .
D :  Mm-hmm . Yeah .
C :  So , you will have to think about it in your in in the design of your remote control ,

Decision3

C :  and also the remote control will only be used for television , so
B :  Yep .
C :  for y for you your designing , you're not you won't be uh you won't had um buttons to just to manipulate yeah to control the recorder or maybe the garage door or things like that . It's because if we want to
D :  Control . Mm-hmm .
A : Mm-hmm
C :  to do remote control
D :  Mm .
C :  which will be used for for the television , for the recorder , for the camcorder and all the others , it will become too complex and it will increase the pli the price and we can't do that . We really want to focus on the remote control for the television . Is it okay ?
D :  Okay . But there's balance between function and the cost .

Decision4

C :  And also we want the image of the uh um real reaction be recognisable in the product , such as the colour and s the slogan . I mean that's uh if uh you want to buy a remote control and if you go in a shop and if you see the remote control you will recognise directly that s it's our product .
D :  Yeah . Okay . Mm-hmm .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Mm-hm .
A :  Mm-hmm .
C :  So you will have to use the colour of the product , of the um um
D :  Okay .
C :  of the uh of real reaction
D :  Okay .
B :  So .
C :  and uh also
A :  So has to be yellow .
C :  Yeah .

Decision5

C :  As we say , we put the fashion in electronics , so it has to be a fashion remote control . Fancy , fashion , powerful , easy to use .
B :  Yellow .
D :  Okay . Mm-hmm .

