Decision1

A :  I dunno uh did everyone receive an email with uh the new project requirements ? No ? Well ,
B :  No . Res I did not . Perhaps the rest ?
C :  No .
A :  then I think it's a good thing that I made a separate slide of them so you can
D :  Ja ,
A :  all read them . Oh , well not in this presentation . Hmm .
B : A :  Should be in there . Well , I can tell you them uh from my laptop . Um teletext does has become outdated since the popularity of the internet . So that's uh the first thing we I think we should pay less attention to uh teletext . Uh the remote control should only be used for the television , otherwise the project becomes more complex , which endangers the time to market , and of course would make it more costly , I think . Um our current customers are within the age group of forty plus , and new product should reach a new market with customers that are younger than forty , and you talked about that before . And uh a last point , but also very important , our corporate image should stay recognisable in our products , which means that our uh corporate colour and slogan must be implemented in the new design . So we have to keep that in mind . Um well uh according to our agenda it's then time to take a decision on the remote control functions .
B :  Oh . Mm .
A :  So , who has any idea about what should be on it , and what shouldn't ?
B :  Well you said it should only uh work with one appliance ? Or with one uh d che only the T_V_ ?
D :  Be television .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah . Only be used for television .
B :  And the video also , or not uh ?
D :  Only the television .
A :  Well it says only for television here , huh .
B :  Oh . Alright . Okay .
A :  Makes it a lot easier , huh ?
B :  Yeah .
C :  Mm .

Decision2

D :  Uh younger people have now , sixteen till to twenty five age , are f eighty one percent interested in L_C_D_ screen . From twenty six to thirty five have sixty six percent , and thirty six to forty five , fifty five percent , so I think to um Because on most recog remote controls um the print plate will be broken how much , two years . You have to press h very hard to go to the next channel . With the L_C_D_ screen it's easier because you only have to wipe the screen to uh for fingerprint , and then you can use it again .
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Yeah , we we could yeah . But I think that uh that collides with our mission to make it very cheap . Because L_C_D_ screens are very expensive . A touch screen uh probably uh even more .
D :  Yeah , okay . Yeah but a you don't know
B : An
C :  So , true , true . But uh
D :  True .
B : C :  Well um is it possible to make an L_C_D_ screen uh , how was the information ?
D :  Yeah , it only says that this perce percentage like L_C_D_ screen . Because , yeah and it says that younger age between sixteen and forty five highly interesting features more critical . And if the only f
C :  So perhaps we should we should focus on that L_C_D_ screen .
D :  Yeah , because our target is sixteen to forty five .
B :  But , do you
C :  Yeah but uh will we not uh exceed our uh our uh production uh
D :  Yeah you don't know how much it costs . Yeah , you don't know how much it costs , the L_C_D_ screen .
C :  Is it possible to find out , anyway ? You know ?
D :  No , I don't have any costs here , I only have percentages .
B :  But if you would do an L_C_D_ screen do we have don don't you have any buttons ? Or because if it only directs at the T_V_ , then you only have uh I don't know what you want to do with the L_C_D_ screen .
D :  Yeah .
C :  No , an L_C_D_ screen's just like uh like a drawn here . Um just uh displays several buttons , for example um if you wanted the minimal uh use b uh buttons , such as channel and volume , you just h uh displays four buttons on the screen and it's possible to p uh press them down , just like a touch screen .
B :  Yeah ? Oh right , so you can Oh , yeah alright . So you can adjust which buttons you want on that s screen .
D :  Yeah , if you want to adjust , like for example , adjust the audio settings , you press audio on the touchscreen and you get the buttons for audio settings , so the other buttons are gone .
C :  Yeah , we can make it possible to do that , yeah . Yeah yeah .
B :  Yeah alright , oh right . Yeah .
C :  Yeah , yeah .
A :  So we're going for an L_C_D_ screen ?
B :  Yeah . Would be yeah .
D :  I think it's the most easier thing , yeah .
C :  That's my uh
A :  And hoping that when we produce a lot it won't be too expensive .
B : D :  No .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Well we had twelve fifty , I guess , for uh production ? Yeah . I dunno how expensive an L_C_D_ screen is .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Twelve fifty .
D : C :  Um .
B :  Any guesses ?
C : D : C :  Well I suppose wi if the mar if our um if the i if the young people are interested in L_C_D_ screens , we should make 'em . And if that is our d uh market share to uh and our goal to uh deliver those uh remote controls
D :  Highly .
A :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Yeah . But But he also said that we should not only focus on the younger people , but also on the older , and will they use it if it only has an L_C_D_ screen ?
D :  Yeah , but Um , s forty six to forty five , thirty three percent , and sixty fifty six to sixty five twelve percent . But our our our what's it , project requirements are the new products should be reached for new markets , to customers that are younger than forty .
B :  Oh , so still a little bit people
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah that's right . But you don't want to alienate the other uh
D :  No , that not now , but , so
B :  But if they also buy it then it's alright . I guess .
D :  Yeah , but market share fro for for forty years and younger is higher than that of sixty five and younger .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah . Alright .
A :  Okay , so L_C_D_ it is ?
B :  An Yes .
C :  Mm . It's treasure . I hope we uh h and let's hope to reach those uh those sales .
A :  Okay . And what else ?
D :  Yeah , i i if it Yeah , if it costs gets too much , too expensive , then yeah , we should be sticking to rubber buttons .
A : B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah , can you um uh s I think that that they will send you some information about uh the cost of L_C_D_ uh screens .
D :  N nothing , no costs at all .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Uh so if you uh Yeah , so if you uh you receive an email about that , uh can you post it in the or shouldn't we post that in uh our projects mail uh folder .
B :  But perhaps later , so uh
D :  Yeah , in I think that should yeah I think we all get the costs of everything .
B :  Yeah . I don't
C :  Because you are the the Marketing uh Expert .
D :  Yeah , okay , I'll I'll post it .
C :  I uh
B :  Well perhaps we should have a backup plan that we would use buttons if it's uh too expensive .
C :  Yeah sure , sure .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , okay . But for now it's L_C_D_ . Okay .
D :  Okay , L_C_D_ , yeah . Then you have the seventy five percent of users find it r ugly .
B :  Yeah .
C : B :  The L_C_D_ ? Oh that's a bit of a problem .
D :  Yeah , and eighty percent of the users would spend more money with a when a remote would look fancy .
B :  Oh , that's a bit of a problem .
C :  Mm .
D :  Tha i l i it'll look fancy with L_C_D_ screen . Yeah .
C :  It's looks fancy one yeah , of L_C_D_ screen .
B :  Yeah , but they don't they don't like it . They think it's ugly . When it has an L_C_D_ screen .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , just a the plain remotes , not not specific L_C_D_ remotes .
B :  Oh , alright , I thought that you said that .
D :  So
A :  Yeah , and maybe you can make something fancy out of an L_C_D_ remote , because it's new , as far as I know .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Mm-hmm . Yeah , of course .
C :  Mm yeah .
B : D :  And then you have the other thing , that seventy five percent zap a lot , but that's not a f question with the L_C_D_ screen . Only thing you have to do is wipe the screen off once each time , to get all the fingerprints off it .
C :  And then not yeah . Um . Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Mm . Okay ?
A :  Okay ,

Decision3

A :  what else does our remote need ?
D :  Um
B :  A mute button .
A :  Mute button .
D :  Mm-hmm . The most important things on a f on an on an uh remote control are channel selection , volume con selection ,
B :  I think . And
C :  Yeah .
D :  and power s power usage .
B :  Yeah .
D :  And a teletext , but that is not of the question . Other things are
B :  But But shouldn't you put a button of for teletext on the for the people who want to use it ?
D :  Sorry ? Yeah , it could be .
B :  Remembering we have got a big remote that you have to fill .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Mm-hmm . Yeah , and we could make an a a separate menu on the L_C_D_ uh screen for teletext .
D :  Yeah , teletext .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
C :  And there's also a
D :  And other other less important things are screen settings , audio settings , and channel settings , but
B :  Yeah , they are less important , but I think they should be there , or not ?
D :  Less important . Yeah , should be there , but not press Yeah , sub-menu , yeah .
C :  A sh but in a sub sub-menu or something like that .

Decision4

C :  Uh I think it's also important to uh make it possible to um how do you call it in English , uh , to not use batteries , and use ac uh bat uh batteries to uh to be yeah yeah sure . Indeed . So uh you can mount uh the the the uh
A :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Like with a with a mouse , you have not , yeah .
D :  Yeah , in a breath it's
C :  uh the remote control to um
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Charted .
B :  We should think of the twelve fifty we have but
C :  to refill the
D :  Yeah , but we don't we don't have any costs now , so Yeah .
B :  I don't know how much that's going to uh
C :  Yeah . Okay , because i uh when you get an L_C_D_ screen , you run it on batteries , the batteries will be uh empty very soon , very fast .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah e e power supply is one of the most important things .
B :  You should Perhaps you should be able to to switch the control off . If you have an L_C_D_ screen that's burns all the time I dunno .
C :  Yeah . Yeah , yeah . Yeah .
B :  You shouldn't on and off because that's ver extra , that you have t first you have to turn the remote on , and then you can uh I don't know .
A :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Uh
D :  Yeah , I think it's it's not that easy because I don't think people will like it who who uh that you have to turn it on first and then use it , so I think it's better when th the T_V_ shuts down , the remote shuts down .
B :  Nee that's that's uh yeah . But then you can't
C :  And go to standby mode when you don't use it , so that
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah . Yeah yeah au automac matically , that it yeah .
C :  Yeah , automatically . After two minutes or three minutes , something like that .
D :  Yeah . After two minutes , yeah two three minutes , yeah .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .

Decision5

A :  And maybe a low battery indicator ? On the screen .
C :  Yeah . Sure .
D :  Yeah .

Decision6

D :  And then b that uh before an hour when its get again gets empty . Then you have plenty of time to recharge it , of put it in a recharger . Charger .
A : B : 
C :  Yeah . Mm .
B : A :  So we are going for the for the recharger .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , if it's .
A :  Okay .
D :  Uh .
B :  If it's sensible .
D :  Yeah , because when you're watching T_V_ , you're zapping and you have to put it in a recharger , and I don't think it
B :  Yeah . Yeah , b when the batteries are low
C :  No , when you when you're done with s uh w uh watching your television , you have to put it
D :  Yeah , okay , but then we have to be sure that the the the the batteries go hours , six hours , five , six hours , then .
C :  Yeah sure , of course .
B :  But you'll also forget to put it in , because you throw it on the couch and you don't remember .
D :  Yeah , then you have a problem .
C :  Yeah , but But you also forget to buy batteries , and then you can you can't use it , so I
B :  Yeah . That's right . Yeah .
D :  Or we have to be sure that the batteries last couple of days when they're recharged .
C :  Yeah .
D :  So .
B :  Well I think the batteries should should w should work a lot longer than a couple of days , or not ? 'Cause
D :  Yeah because you have b but you have L_C_D_ screen .
B :  Yeah , that's right , but
D :  High power usage .
C :  High power user cell , i uh it should be uh a standard move to to put your remote control in the charger when you're done watching television , that's also a a a great advantage because you can't lose it anymore . Because you are obliged to uh put it in the charger and not to uh leave it in a couch uh between some cushions .
D :  Yes . True . Yeah . Yeah . True .
B :  Yeah . Right .
C :  Okay .
D :  Yeah , you made a point there .
B :  But then you also have to s have somewhere where you can put a remo recharger near your couch because otherwise you have to walk a long way when you twoft want to turn on the T_V_ .
A :  Yeah , also .
D :  Yeah , otherwise all your yeah . Just a small device . Plug it in , that's it . Yeah , like a like telephone charger or something .
B :  Yeah . I think everything has it for and I guess .
C :  Yeah it hasn't It doesn't have to be big . Yeah just just a cable , or a even a a a a a charger where you can mount it on . Something like that , just u
D :  Yeah . Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Okay .
B :  Alright .

Decision7

C :  Functional designs uh for the elderly uh you could make it possible to enlarge the screen , so make it possible to not uh display uh a button at ten points uh , or
D :  Also . Well I think that this should be standard . Large button large buttons . Yeah ? Okay .
C :  Yeah but it is uh one of the functions you have to uh specify . Because we can look at uh uh perhaps uh forty buttons at a screen , but the elderly only look at two buttons . Okay .
D : A : 
Decision8

A :  And you said something about speech recognition ?
D :  Yeah , it says also Yeah .
C :  Speech recognition ? Hello . Twelve Euro twelve Euro fifty .
B :  Yeah , twelve fifty , twelve fifty .
D :  Twelve . That's an also ninety one percent sixteen to twenty five , twenty six to thirty five years , seventy six percent , and thirty six to forty five , thirty five percent .
B :  So it's pretty big .
C :  Well , spread it by a big market .
D :  But then I I I
A :  Even bigger than for L_C_D_ .
B :  Yeah . W I know let's do a speech .
C : D :  Yeah .
C :  Well let's leave out all the remote controls and just put a microphone on top of the television to
B :  Yeah . Yeah .
D :  Yeah . Ninety . Twenty five .
B :  You can clap or something .
C :  Yeah Yeah .
D :  channel .
C :  Turn volume up .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Hey , that that's an idea .
D : 
B :  Now you shouldn't say the wrong thing , I dunno .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Okay , well that should it has to be remote control , not
D :  Yeah , twelve .
C :  Yeah .
B :  But they want to talk into the remo remote control , or something , or ?
D :  Yeah . Is this only would you would you pay more for speech recognition in a remote control . It's the only thing it says .
C :  Sure why not why not Yeah , mm .
B :  Oh , but do we want to implement that , or ?
D :  I think an L_C_D_ screen should be suf sufficient .
C :  Yeah .
A :  But when you look at the percentages
D :  Yeah , it says a lot , but
C :  Perhaps the options should be uh
A :  Speech recognition scores even higher , huh ?
C :  Why not ?
B : A :  Yeah , well , maybe because of the cost , but uh nobody knows uh how much uh it will cost uh .
C :  Why not ?
B :  Yeah .
C :  Let's hope uh to have some uh d
B :  I know
D :  No I think I think it's better to have L_ L_C_D_ screen , because in the area of tw thirty six to forty five , we have about thirty percent of the market share in in our hands , and fifty five of those people want L_C_D_ screen and thirty five want speech recognition . So I think it's better to keep it with L_C_D_ screen .
B :  Mm .
A :  But would it be useful to imple implement both ?
D :  Yeah , if the costs al allow it .
A :  On one remote ? Or
B :  Well
A :  Yeah , I dunno .
B :  I don't know if that can be done with the cost of twelve fifty . With that uh
D :  Nee . If it should be done , if it could be done , I won't matter . Yeah .
B :  Yeah , but how would you like to implement that , that you say volume up , and then it goes up , or ?
C :  We should do it . Yeah . Sure . Yeah .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Uh .
C :  Certain systems already exist , I think .
D :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Then you also have to have different languages if we go international . Then uh it's y it's yours to do a French and Dutch and English and
D :  True .
C :  True , yeah .
D :  Yeah . True .
C :  Yeah .
D :  But that should also be with f should be also with L_C_D_ screen . Because then I think in Chinese is different written , volume is different written than um Swahili or something .
C :  This should be uh accommodated with some software , uh , uh . Yeah .
B :  Yeah , that's right . Yeah .
C :  Right . Swahili . Swahili .
B :  Yeah you can use icons for the
C :  Yeah .
D :  Ja , well possible .
B :  a speaker and uh
C :  Indeed .
B :  But if that's better than language for the for the remote .
D :  Yeah , yeah yeah yeah .
C :  Yeah . So we want to uh yeah it's international uh okay .
B :  Then it's Yeah .
C :  Okay .
D :  'Kay , what else ?
A :  So , no speech recognition ? Or
B :  Well , if it could be done , we
A : 
D :  Yeah , we have to keep Yeah .
C :  Y it should be done . If it could be done , should be done .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , and then we have different languages .
B :  Yeah , that should be uh anything matters .
C :  That's not so difficult at all , because I already use on several voice operated systems , and they are all possible to uh not all , but
A :  Okay , just make a separate remote for each uh
B :  Well , you sh you should to adjust the thing .
D :  I think it's difficult . Every language of dialects
B :  Yeah .
D :  I think it's very differen difficult .
B :  And you have to speak the so that it can understand .
D :  Yeah . I think it can't be implemented , but maybe
B :  You could use that n as an option , if you have money left , or something .
D :  Yeah , 's an option , yes .
C :  Yeah , sure , indeed .
D :  Fifty Euro cents .
B :  Yeah . Let's do speech .
C : D :  Yeah .
C :  For speech recognition .
A :  Okay , so we only do this when we have enough money left . Okay .

Decision9

A :  Well I've written down an an on or off button , volume selection , channel selection , uh the digits from one to zero , huh . Um or from zero to nine . Uh a digits button to switch uh between one and two digits , mute button , a separate menu for teletext , a battery indicator .

Decision10

A :  Um we're going to use a docking station and uh probably L_C_D_ and if there's enough money , speech recognition . And uh the possibility to uh enlarge buttons or to have large buttons
B :  Yeah . Mm .
D :  Mm , yes .

Decision11

D :  I think we should we could that we could also implement a audio settings , screen settings and channel settings , but as sub-menus .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Mm .
D :  D Mainly if you turn the uh remote control on , you have to u you have to see from one till zero , channel and volume . And if you want to use teletext screen or audio , then you can press it . It should be available but not
C :  Sh Yeah , just just sub-menu . Yeah . Not directly uh available . Okay .
B :  'Cause it should be there .
D :  not Yeah . Yeah .
A :  Okay , so not too much teletext support , but in a separate menu , and
D :  Yeah .
C :  Mm .
B :  So actually it is there but it's just not r ready there .
D :  Yeah , but s
C :  Directly available . So does it confuse uh the user ?
D :  Yeah .
B :  You'll have to search for it .
D :  They'd have to be easy to use .
C :  Uh . I'll search um .
B : C :  If you want to use teletext , you can push the teletext button and then the options uh become available .
B :  Yeah . Yeah , that's a
D :  The sign of it .
A :  Okay ,

Decision12

A :  Um so I have uh the things I just read . Um then we have uh separate menus for teletext , screen settings , audio settings , and what else ?
C :  Yeah .
D :  Channel settings ?
B :  Oh yeah , right . So you can program the T_V_ .
A :  Channel settings .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Okay .
D :  Mm .
B :  Perhaps you should you'd throw them on on in one pile . So , options , and then you sub them . Otherwise you have all those teletext , perhaps teletext not , but
D :  Yeah . Could be possible .
C :  Mm .
D :  Or like uh you have a menu button , you press Yeah , or otherwise you have a menu button , press menu then you have uh main uh menu search uh all the all the settings .
A :  No , we said teletext also a separate menu .
B :  Yeah , but I Yeah . Yeah . But
A :  Okay , but we can work that out later , I guess . So we're having a a general menu with the most used functions , uh teletext , screen settings , audio settings , channel settings , and maybe there are options for the remote itself ? Like uh large icons or small icons and
D :  Yeah , no problem . Yep .

Decision13

B :  I don't know .
D :  Um , I think b because we don't have a lot of buttons on the one screen , I think the buttons Yeah , but but or like you have you only have channel button or volume button . Those buttons you can you can
A :  I don't know what else , but
C :  No .
B :  Or do we have any buttons ? On the remote . Which one ? But that's also in the L_C_D_ , right ?
A :  Yeah , but on the L_C_D_ , huh ?
D :  Yeah . Yeah , th
A :  Right , yeah , okay .
B :  So we don't have any normal buttons that uh No , alright .
D :  No , no normal buttons , yeah . Maybe only the on and o on and off button . But I don't think
B :  Yet on and off is p is perhaps you kno
A :  But we don't need a special we don't need a special options menu for the remote itself .
C :  Uh not button
D :  Mm , no .
B :  No , no .
A :  Okay .
B :  Oh well , you should be able to set which T_V_ you have . If you have if you have uh
C :  Yeah sure , of course you need uh a settings button , uh or a settings option for the remote control .
B :  Yeah . But isn't idea to use uh uh what you said , uh normal on and off button for the T_V_ , that you don't have to use a
D :  No no no , because we we discussed that you could charge it , otherwise is it it jumps to stand-by mode automatically .
B :  Yeah but but not for the remote but for the T_V_ , that you use
D :  Yeah , but a T_V_ of course , th that's the I think that's a best thing is that to implement that one in the menu with the volume and channel . No .
B :  But a not as normal button , in the L_C_D_ , yeah .
A :  Well maybe there should be a separate button apart from the L_C_D_ , because you can't turn it on when the L_C_D_ is off . So how do you turn the thing on ? There has to be a on button on the remote , huh ?
B :  No you just tap I think .
D :  Yeah , you tap . Touch screen , yeah then it's turn turn off , turn on .
C :  Just tap it .
A :  Tap the thing . Okay . And then the television is on also , or just the remote ? Sure .
D :  No , just the remote . A television don't have to be on , that one you can press on , yeah stand-by , then press on remote , press on and then T_V_ should be available . Or not .
B :  But
C :  Yeah , it should be in standby mode , but
B :  Yeah a yeah . I don't know whether it's handy to have a n a normal on button , a r just uh rubber uh for for T_V_ , so you can turn it on and then you can choose the channel . Otherwise you I don't know whether or not that's
D :  Separate .
C :  A A A normal button on the remote control , or norm ?
B :  Yeah , yeah . To turn it on . Of or you should put it in the L_C_D_ screen .
C :  Yeah , because uh when you touch the L_C_D_ screen when it is in standby mode , it should pop on .
B :  Yeah , I have , yeah .
A :  Okay , well
C :  Wh uh why would it be a a need to have a normal button ?
B :  Well I I guess if you use the L_C_D_ screen , you first have to search where is the on button , then you uh you you then turn it , and then the T_V_ goes on . But if you have a normal on button on the on the remote , then you do the on , and then you search the channel which you want .
D :  Yeah , but I think the re the remote control , if you press tap the screen , it always should jump to the screen which has the volume button , channel button , and of course of also the on and off button .
C :  Mm .
B :  Oh right .
C :  I think it looks a lot more fancy if you use uh if you don't have any buttons on the s on on remote control .
B :  Yeah , I think so too . Otherwise y wet e k Yeah .
A :  Yeah . So actually we're going to create a a button-less uh remote . No buttons at all . Okay , well that's might be a unique selling point , huh for a remote . Okay , well I guess we have to
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Mm-hmm .
B :  If we can afford it .
D :  Yeah , if we can afford it . Yeah .

