Decision1

C :  We'll use mainly for titanium rubber is expensive and also it's bit difficult to do all the shapes uh . And this push buttons we we would like to use push buttons instead of L_C_D_s and so we want to mo I mean we're we want to put speech recognition so we want to reduce price on this technology and so that we can have enough space or enough money for
A :  Okay . Okay . Okay . Uh yeah so Okay , s so simple button and uh speech recognition for the more complicated .
C :  S S
D :  Speech
C :  Y yeah we have simple buttons and speech recognition technology , so
B :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Okay .

Decision2

B :  Okay , and still we have mm can we still include the L_ L_S_D_ display ? L_C_D_ yeah L_C_D_ .
D :  L_C_D_ .
C :  Uh l
D :  Seems not , it's either L_C_D_ or push-button .
C :  So uh it's like a
B :  No , it's not gonna be a t no touchable but still like a source of information or source for menus .
D :  Ah .
C :  Yeah maybe maybe we can see depending on how we'll come up with our full design then if we have enough money or like for and because the speech recognition technology will take at least five Euros or or something so we want to reduce the cost on display or this inter
B :  Okay , so let's try it , let's t
D :  The L_C_D_ would The display would only be display and not uh touch sensitive you mean . Just uh for output , yeah .
B :  Yeah , yeah , it's it's not gonna be a touch pad , uh just a display for giving you information .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Ok Yeah , that can we we can consider , because like it won't take much money I guess , because
A :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Okay .

Decision3

D :  Do you think it can come in several colours ? Or did the
B :  I would make a backlight of the L_C_D_ screen with different colours .
D :  Um but not the case .
B :  Not the case .
D :  Uh the case would only be in that uh aluminium uh titanium stuff , like
B :  Yeah .
C :  Mm .
A :  Because apparently from your survey people like colours , no ?
D :  Yeah , well they like uh something which is uh
C :  Yeah .
B :  Okay , so let's remember there's a Nokia phone which changeable panels .
D :  Mm yeah , okay , so that would be the option . I don't know I don't have a Nokia phone , but
B :  Do you like it ?
C :  But it's uh
A : D :  I don't use that but again , uh I might
B :  That's why you don't have it . That's why , 'cause it's nasty .
D :  Yeah , bu but
A : C :  But it would be expensive , no ? If you use colour L_C_D_ .
B :  No .
C :  Uh instead of that maybe we can change the colour of the assembler . Maybe we can just if users want more colours they can pay more money to get this
D :  Mm-hmm .
C :  uh the shapes and they can have different assembly .
B :  Um , I am here .
C :  So users have different I mean they have their own interests , colour interests and so
A :  Okay . So ?
B :  Mm-hmm .
C :  So we can just if they want they can just pay another two Euro .
A :  Uh-huh , okay , so you you propose something with option i that increase the price if we if you want o more colours on L_C_D_ , yeah .
B :  'Kay .
C :  Yeah . Yeah yeah yes . If they want like uh so that we can yeah .
D :  Kind of upgradable uh remote control . Wow , wow .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Okay .
C :  Just they'll get few more things and few more colours .

Decision4

D :  Sure . Yeah . We have to I think we have to have the look of fruit and vegetables but we still have to put our chips inside , so of course . This is your problem . This is not mine .
C :  yeah , yeah sponge , yeah yeah at least that's Yeah yeah that yeah yeah . Yeah .
A : C :  Yeah , looking yeah fruit . These things can be easily incorporated . We can have t colours or this shape or at least yeah .
D :  Yeah , I think in the colours and in the uh the kind of material . If if it's something like rubber made or I think it it's also going to be good .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Mm .
C :  Mm .
A :  Mm-hmm .
D :  Okay ?
C :  Yeah .
A :  Okay .

Decision5

C :  So , can we highlight the specific features of our yeah , so so we want the speech recogniser and we want some kind of buttons and we want some themes like fruits or vegetables , that's we want to follow general trend .
A :  Yeah you're right , you have to

Decision6

C :  So still we want to keep L_C_D_ ? Or
A :  Mm I think it's what we say , that we have an uh an L_C_D_ with uh information . Not uh
D :  Yeah .
C :  Okay .
D :  The thing is that uh if we want to have as he says if we want to have uh a small number of buttons we need to have a kind of output that says currently what their actions are .
C :  Yeah , then we can
A :  Mm-hmm .
C :  yeah , yeah , that user friendly or
D :  Yeah .
A :  Mm .
D :  That's the converse to having zillions of button where each button does only one thing .
C :  Mm . Yeah .
A :  Mm .

Decision7

C :  and we just stick with two batteries so it's not any solar or yeah yeah j yeah , because
A :  Okay .
D :  Yeah . Classical , we stay classical in that we don't reinvent uh the wheel . Anyway it's very in general I think people uh change T_V_ more often than batteries of their remote control . So . Because the trend goes faster than the life of the
A :  Yeah , yeah , yeah .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Mm . Yeah .
C : 
A :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Mm-hmm .

