Decision1

A :  Only what happened to the single curve we spoke about last meeting ?
C :  Now uh the single curved idea was uh
B :  It uh oh it's in the background . Oh .
C :  Yeah , okay , you ge um
B :  Y you should make uh a sideways uh view .
C :  Yeah . The sideways view , uh that that that ma
B :  It will be , I guess . Oh , we can
C :  Ho not that pen . Not that pen .
D : 
B :  Oh g I would smart board . Uh can I draw here or uh
A :  Well it might work one time , huh .
C :  Suppose so .
D :  Think .
B :  Ooh .
C :  Ah . Oh my God , it works .
D :  Yeah , yeah , you can .
B :  So it would be uh something like this from the side , but with a bit of uh curve here , right ?
C :  Yeah , that's the single curve indeed .
B :  Yeah . So if you v flip it like this .
C :  Yep .
A :  Okay .

Decision2

B :  We've got a battery , one or t two batteries , or not ? nee one battery , with two small batteries .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , but it's it's more about the energy source , huh ? Do you use a hand dynamo , a battery , kinetic or solar cells ?
B :  Yeah . I would do a battery we do . Right ? A battery . One battery , right ?
D :  Solar cell . No it took a battery ?
A :  We'll wait .
C :  No , no solar cell , no no no no .
A :  Yeah .

Decision3

B :  Electronics , simple chip advanced chip , right ?
D :  We have No , we have sample speaker . But b al but we also have sample speaker , do
C :  On advanced chip . Yeah , yeah .

Decision4

D :  We have double curved .
B :  The single .
C :  Single nee single curved . Double curved was uh uh see uh ju three dimensional . But it isn't three dimensional , it isn't curved in a l
D :  Single . This one is
B :  Oh the the it's not going to work uh people . We have rubber .
D :  This one is curved like this , right . It's curved like this .
A :  I'll just fill it in .
C :  No no no , single curved is like this . Uh that's the only curve you made , not th uh curved like that . That's uh
A :  Um rubber indeed ?
D :  Yeah , bu what Oh , but we have curves like it and it . There are two curves , right ? Oh , okay I understand , I understand . Rubber .

Decision5

C :  We could lose the scroll wheel . You could make it just a regular scroll wheel .
B :  But you can't push it , so you have to tap .
C :  Yeah , if you can't push it you have to tap the the options window uh button here and then uh scroll down with the d with uh with uh the button .
B :  Yeah , alright . So normal scroll wheel ?
A :  Yeah , I think that will be our best bet .
C :  Normal scroll wheel .

Decision6

D :  I think we should scrap the sample speaker . It's four pri it four units .
C :  Lose
B :  Yeah , but if you would i it is a new feature , it it's something special .

Decision7

D :  Scrap sample speaker ? That that's uh
A :  Yeah , you should you should drop the speech recognition .
C :  The sample speaker is two d wait , f s four points .
B :  Yeah , but it's t
D :  Yes , four points .
B :  Yeah , but it is uh it it is a new feature , it is something special .
A :  And then you can keep the curve . Or can't you ?
C :  Yeah , uh becau uh when you lose the
D :  Yeah , but what what else what else uh do you want to scrap ? F You have to we have to scrap four points .
C : B :  I don't know . Yeah , that's difficult .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Or make it on a hand dynamo , but I don't think that will work .
B :  Yeah .
C : D :  Ma make it with wood instead of rubber ?
C :  No , that's no . Make it w uh when you made it uh uh uh a remote control of wood ?
B :  Uh . We could make it titanium instead of rubber .
C :  You don't make a remote control of Ah .
D :  Yeah , it it i Yeah , it also uh it also takes one point less .
A :  Yeah , mm-hmm . Yeah , but uh a wooden remote control only helps for uh old people we discussed , yes ?
B :  Oh . Oh can I ask something ? What is special colour ?
D :  Yeah .
B :  Is that the wood uh wood uh this , we have to have that one too ?
D :  I think it is .
C :  It isn't . What ?
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah , but it's only a half . But I think the only option is to drop the uh sample speaker .
D :  Yeah . Sample speaker .
C :  To knock the sample speaker , yeah . And sample sensor .

Decision8

D :  Yeah , but then I d I don't think we can ever make to a twelve and half .
B :  Yeah , you can , you should you have to lose
D :  But then we have to scrap L_C_D_ display , we have to scrap uh
B :  No , it is the scroll wheel , I guess .
C :  No no no .
D :  s advanced chip . No then we have to scrap everything we got because how many colours we gonna make ? Five ? Then we have two .
C :  If we lose the scroll wheel and make it totally uh depending uh dependent on uh the touch screen
D :  S touch .
B :  A push , yeah .
C :  then it's possible to make .

Decision9

A :  So the battery , we have um advanced chip on print .
B :  One .
C : B :  So it would be curved , single curve .
A :  Because of thing Yeah , well you can at least make it curved again .
B :  Or not ?
C :  Hmm .
B :  So y you just can't make a nice remote .
C :  Yeah , single curve .
A :  Because that was very important , huh ?
B :  It's too bad for the speaker .
A :  So it's curved , it's still that so we we dropped the speech recognition together with the speaker .
B :  Should we change that tha that that's a one if not , or not ? Could you copy it ? And make it uh
D :  Mm yep .
A :  We dropped the scroll wheel . And the rest is the same , huh ?
D :  Y yea the scroll wheel is dropped .
A :  Am I right ? Yes .
B :  The entire uh
C :  Uh . Huh .
D :  Yep .

Decision10

C :  Okay , so we lose the scroll wheel , the s
B :  Too bad . Yeah . The microphone .
A :  Yeah , and that's it .
B :  Yeah . A and we changed something , I guess , or not ? We
C :  And the microphone .
B :  Oh no .
D :  Yep .
C :  Okay .

