Decision1

B :  Yeah so uh following our decision to uh make a yellow well to make a banana
A :  Yeah can you show it to the the camera maybe .
B :  remote okay so we actually have a
C :  You can pull it out first , maybe .
B :  We've well first first of all we made a an attractive base station uh with a banana leaf uh look and feel um and uh
A :  Mm-hmm .
B :  bana sit the banana sits in there k you know nicely weighted so that it's not gonna tip over and um this is the remote itself , it's kind of it's it's ergonomic , it fits in the hand uh rather well . We've got the two uh uh scroll wheels here which you know one on the the left for the uh volume and the one on the right for for the channel

Decision2

C :  Additional button .
D :  What this button for ?
B :  This is a teletext button . So once you press that then you get teletext and you can use the the channel selector scroll wheel as uh
D :  Okay .
A :  To navigate it through th through teletext .
D :  But if you want to go to page seven hundred ?
B :  To navigate yeah .
C :  That's right , that's right .
B :  Yeah .
A :  with the wheel it's easy .
D :  How man
B :  Well then you can you you have like a little uh number selection thing , you press the the the teletext button uh to move between uh the fields and then you can just scroll the number back and forth so you have s you go you scroll to seven and then zero zero and then you can uh
D :  I don't understand it . Can you repeat it ?
B :  Well you can you can press press the teletext button and then you then you can you can f
C : D :  Yeah .
C :  So then then both the scroll buttons they are for teletext browsing . And you can tele yeah , once you press the teletext button then the scroll buttons they are more for teletext , they are no more for channel or vol volume . Yeah .
D :  Ah okay okay . Okay . Okay okay .
B :  Mm uh
D :  Okay . I see . I see . Okay . Okay .

Decision3

B :  And this is the uh the infrared uh port .
C :  That's right .
B :  Also the top of the banana . So . And then we have in the uh in the base station we have the the button at the front for uh for calling the uh the banana .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Excellent . Calling .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Excellent .

Decision4

D :  Is it really weight ? Is it light or
C :  It is very light .
A :  Yeah , they're light .
D :  Okay .
B :  It's it's uh it's about the weight of a banana .
A : D :  Okay .
B :  You know , to give you the correct look and feel .
A : C :  Yeah . And we have put these different colours so that people don't mistake them mistake it as a banana . Otherwise it's you know a child comes and so
D : Ok
B : D :  Okay . Yeah yeah yeah , I see . I under I understand .
B :  I think a child would try to eat it anyway , so maybe we should
C :  Yeah .
B :  consider that . maybe health and safety aspects .
A :  Ah yeah .
C :  Mm-hmm .
B : C :  Oh we didn't think of that yet . Yeah .
B :  Yeah .

Decision5

A :  So for the power source , apparently you still you you want to use both solar cells and batteries .
C :  Oh yeah that's right .
A :  Uh you mean okay . So
B :  I don't really know if the solar cells are actually necessary any more if you have a recharging base station .
A :  Yeah , where are going to where are you are you going to place them ?
C :  Mm-hmm mm-hmm . It'll It'll be always at top somewhere at there .
B :  If I was gonna place them I'd put them on the on the top here since that's like uh the black bit but yeah I don't I really don't think it's necessary to have the solar cells anymore .
A :  You have enough surface ? You
C :  Yeah because now we are having rechargeable batteries so that that is .
A :  Okay . What will be the autonomy ? Roughly ?
B :  Mm . The what sorry ?
A :  The autonomy . Autonomy .
B :  What do you mean ?
A :  Uh I mean how long does i how how how long can it be held off a station ?
D :  How long the how long the bit the batteries long .
B :  Ah . Ah . A long time .
A :  Yeah . A long
B :  No no no , it can it should be weeks .
C :  Eight to ten eight to ten hours .
D : C :  N most no most of the time it's not being used .
A :  Yeah , so it's
B :  Yeah but y people don't like to put it back in the base station all the time people leave wanna leave it on the couch so
C :  So when when you are making it on
A :  It's used only when you
C :  Mm . Mm-hmm . No eight or eight or ten hours of working . If you are just leaving like that it'll be much longer .
B :  Ah , okay . Okay .
A :  Yeah . F weeks .
C :  Yeah . That's right .
B :  Yeah .
A :  Right .

Decision6

C :  And we are having the speakers regular chip for control . Pricing is was a factor so that's why we have gone for a regular chip only not the advanced chip . And uh that's it .
A :  Okay . Okay . Those really sounds very good .

Decision7

A :  So I already uh put some pu some numbers here , okay . We are going to go through so this is the number the mm number of components we need for this thing . So it appears that there were things that we didn't thought about . Uh and also things that I uh I d I forget to uh to put like solar cells .
C :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Well we decided against the solar cells so
A :  Oh yeah finally we say no . Okay so let's let's go let's go let go through all the lines . So hand dynamo . This something we didn't thought about .
C :  Solar cells , yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah , we said no to that .
A :  But
B :  You mean , charging it by shaking the banana .
A :  Yeah .
C :  I think rechargeable batteries will take care of the power thing . Yeah . To bring the cost
A :  Yeah . Okay so we we stick to battery , one .
C :  Yeah .

Decision8

C :  So we have the regular chip on the print , which is one .
A :  Yeah . Yeah .

Decision9

A :  Okay so in for the case um
B :  Mm .
A :  I put single curved .
C :  Okay . To reduce the cost , it's okay .
B :  Well , wait a second , no , it's it's double curved , it's got a c , it's uh
A :  Because we have two things .
C :  Oh it's got all the directions so don't worry .
A :  No .
B :  Well d yeah it's monotonic but
D : C :  It's got a direction .
B :  it's got but if you hold it if you hold it that way that's two curved , one on this side , one on that side , but they're opposite sides .
A :  Well .
D :  Actually what's the differen
A :  What a what i if I put one here .
B :  This is actually I mean this probably this probably actually costs more than three if you
A :  Yeah so let's put one here in the then instead of single oka all right .

Decision10

A :  So we stick to plastic , it cost nothing .
C :  Okay . Okay .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah . That's right .
B :  Well no didn't we say we wanted to do a rubber
A :  No , it's too no .
D :  Too expensive .
B :  if you drop it ?
A :  It's too expensive .
B :  Well when okay . Well we we'll come back we'll come back and see if we can fit it in .
A :  We're already at eleven . Okay so I put rubber one .

Decision11

A :  Uh for the interface we have
B :  Yeah .
C :  We don't have any push buttons .
B :  No , we have two push buttons .
A :  We have three .
C :  No that is a scroll wheel itself , it'll be put in that .
B :  Huh .
A :  No no . We have two scroll , and we have three push buttons .
C :  Ah okay , okay .
B :  Uh .
C :  Okay , okay .

Decision12

B :  Make it plastic instead of rubber . And then we're basically o on budget except for you know ten cents .
C :  instead of rubber , let it be plastic .
A :  Yeah .

