Decision1

A :  Yeah and you you you will not have pla enough a lot of place to put a L_C_D_ on a banana also .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Uh do you want a an L_C_D_ with twenty five Euros ?
A :  Well , you're the Marketing Expert you should tell us if it is too much or not .
B :  Well , this is
D :  I think Well , according to the to the report people are more interested in in a fa fancy look and feel and in a technological inno in innovation , so , I will give more importance to the look and feel than rather than the
A :  So So you you you suggest to go f
D :  new inputs and also it's I'm not convinced about this L_C_D_ because you need uh internet connection , you need more things , it's not just buying a new control re remote , you need buying control remote , buying uh
A :  Okay . S so you're simply you're simply looking s to a remote control that looks like a banana with few buttons with only a few buttons .
D :  more things . It's not so simple . For instance , yeah . Yeah for for for given an an example yeah .
A :  Okay good . So maybe you can go ahead ?
D :  Yeah no , it's what I already said .
A :  Okay . Thanks . Um . Okay , I'll give the floor . So you are User Interface guy .
B :  Okay .
A :  So you're three ?
B :  Yeah .
A :  And it's this one .
B :  Yep .
A :  Go for it .
B :  Yep . Okay . So . S next uh slide . Okay . So I received an email um around lunchtime letting me know that the brilliant minds at our technology division had developed an integrated programmable sample sensor sample speaker unit , um which is a way for you to have a conversation with your coffee machine and or remote control .
C :  But it's just a speaker right ?
B :  It's no , what it is , it's it's very
C :  It's not a microphone .
B :  It has a has a microphone , has a speaker , it's got a little chip and it allows you t
C :  Mm-hmm . Actually I'm not reading microphone there , so that's why you can all have conversation , it just to speak to you .
B :  Well , it's a sample sensor sample speaker . Sample sensor sample speaker . It means that it can recognize , it can do like a match on a on a certain phrase that you speak and then can play back a phrase in response to that . But uh there's no kind of um understanding of the phrase . So , I mean , you know , I guess you could build that in , you could you could link the the recognition of a certain phrase to some function on on the remote control . But basically the thing is , we have this technology available
C :  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm , mm-hmm . Okay . Mm-hmm , mm-hmm , mm-hmm . In-house .
B :  in-house . So , um but the thing is obviously there's still gonna be a cost if you decided to integrate that because you still have to pay for the c production of the components , so um it it but it basically means we c we can kind of consider this from uh you know uh a theoretical or usability kind of viewpoint without worrying too much about you know how to develop it because we have this already done .
C :  Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm , mm-hmm . Mm-hmm , mm-hmm .
B :  Whilst you know , some people might get annoyed if we uh if we just dump it ,
A :  I there's something that I unclear really understanding . Is this a technology that recognize keywords speech keywords ?
B :  It's it it's no , well , it's it'll recognize uh I guess keywords , but you know keywords in a certain order like a phrase . You train it for a certain uh , for a certain phrase , you say the the example they said that they have uh up and running with their prototype is um well they've actually integrated into the into the the coffee machine that uh that we're producing is , you can say good morning to the coffee machine and it can recognize that phrase and it'll playback good morning , how would you like your coffee ?
A :  And it's just to , it's just to playback something ?
B :  Yeah . So actually that was a bad example , 'cause it doesn't actually ask how do you want your coffee because it can't really understand the response , so .
A :  Yeah yeah . So this is not s really to do to to do control .
B :  Only , like , only in the sense that it it can recognize a set a set target kind of word an
A :  Yeah . This is just more like a poi pois yeah .
B :  It's designed it's designed as a fun kind of thing , but I guess you could use it as uh as a way to implement uh
A :  Yeah yeah . So it it's c uh it it it is a uh uh easy uh a fancy thing that you you can bring to we can bring to the remote control that will not have any uh yeah comp completely pointless for the inter for from the interaction point of v point of view .
D :  Yeah but you can u
B :  Completely pointless yeah . Yeah . Yeah , unless you know , you like having conversation with your remote control .
A :  Okay .
D :  Yeah but the can we use it for saying okay , channel fifty , channel twenty ?
B :  Well yeah , that's the thing , if you can but you have to pro though I think it's a fairly simple design so you would have to record into the device every possible combination , you have to s tr train it to l to learn channel fifteen , that whole thing , not just the word channel and the word fifteen , it doesn't have that kind of logic in it . So
A :  Yeah yeah . So this is so this is this is much more than tak taking this technology , bringing it to the remote control and using it . So this is out of discussion . So if if if it is something that you can we can bring easily and to put it into the banana remote control
C :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Yeah , that would be some development work . Yeah .
D :  M Mando .
B :  Banana-mando . Banana-man
A :  No this is mm banana-bando , yeah . Uh then it could be cool yeah .
D :  Banana-mando yeah .
A : B : C :  Yeah okay , let's go ahead .
A :  Okay .
B :  I uh I I I don't think it's worth it though , I think it doesn't really add much to the functional design and it's it's it's not mature enough to use as a speech recognition engine , so
A :  Okay .

Decision2

B :  But um , I've just indicated here , we could have actually two scroll wheels , 'cause I think the scroll wheel is a fairly um key part of , you know , I think everyone has has agreed that it's that it could be quite a useful um thing , so .
C :  Stable thing , that's right . To have , mm-hmm , mm-hmm .
B :  But I think it's important , you know , to have two scroll wheels because , you know , you want one for for the channel , but you also want one for for the volume , because it's it's the volume i it's , you know it's very handy for it to have uh instant kind of uh feedback uh and response , so .
A :  Mm .
C :  Mm-hmm , mm-hmm .
B :  But um , I've also included this turbo button because I think , you know , every design should have a turbo button , and well so this is you know , a unique problem with with televisions is that if you have this scro this scroll wheel for the television , the uh the tuner on the T_V_ is not gonna be able to to switch between stations as fast as you can scroll , so you know , the th the person might want to have a uh
D :  What's a turbo button ?
B :  Might want to be able to scroll past television stations without seeing what's on them , in which case it just waits until you stop scrolling and then , you know , displays that station . Or they might want to scroll and and have a quick glimpse of it , even if it lags behind what they're doing .
D :  It con it controls the speed ?
B :  Yeah , so with this turbo button you can , say , skip over t channels if uh , you know , if I'm if I'm going if I'm scrolling past them and you know , it's um , you could have a little red light that comes up when they press it so they feel you know it's really going fast or whatever .
A : 
B :  So yeah , that's um , those are the two important uh features I think we need on the remote , but I mean we can discuss about what other kind of buttons we need , um .
C :  Mm-hmm .
B :  You know , i it could be , you know , if we if we wanna have like a very cheap kind of device , I mean , we could either consider that maybe we want to sell this as a very , if it's gonna be a banana , you know that's a pretty gimmicky kind of thing that doesn't have that much functionality , it's just you know a couple of scroll wheels and a button cause it's hard to get so many buttons on a banana and it's still very it may even be for most for some people more functional than their current remote , but if they have these scroll wheels , so , um you know , what other buttons do we want ?
A :  It's enough .
C :  Mm-hmm .
B :  I mean we could have well , I guess you need an on and off switch , but you could you could o you could turn it turn it on by taking the top off the banana maybe , you know , it's kind of like a spy kind of flick thing .
A :  Switch on . Yeah .
D :  Yeah . So sounds crazy . I like crazy ideas .

Decision3

A :  Okay . So i it looks like we're going completely to forget about the L_C_D_ thing .
D :  Yeah , of course .
B :  Well , that's the thing , as have we decided that we can only spend , uh , twenty five Euro ?
A :  I think that
B :  Well not spend , but you know , charge twenty five Euro .
D :  I I think we could use somehow the s coffee machine dialogue interface or so .
A :  No we can we can't use that .
D :  You we can ? We can't .
A :  We can't use that to
C :  Communicate .
A :  to comman co communicate , it's just a thing
D :  Yeah , but we can say channel twenty five . No ?
C :  It's one way .
A :  No .
B :  But then you have to have a template for every channel , for a hundred channels , you have to be able to to recognize
D :  It's not a lot one hundred templates , it's not
C :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Mm . Well , I f I think it's probably more than , than our can handle because it's designed for a coffee machine , you know , to say hello in the morning .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Ah , it's designed for a cof okay . Is it design for a coffee machine ?
B :  Well that's its current application , I would presume that it's kind of , they wouldn't design it to handle a hundred things th so .
D :  Okay . Yeah . Maybe you could ask your the you could ask the engineering department if we can
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Yeah . A good good good thing . You want to g to move to your slides ? You're finished ?
B :  But uh
C :  Yeah , that's right , yeah .
B :  Well I just I just made the point , I don't I don't know if that speech recognition is , you know , even if we can do it , I think it's not really appropriate for uh television environment .
A :  Yeah I think so .

Decision4

B :  But um I did have one thing from a previous meeting , you were talking about um being able to find the remote control and I was talking about extendin being able to extend the remote control by having you know , a base station that can control other things as well . It might be useful to have some kind of base station , even if it's just you press on a button on it and uh and the remote control starts beeping , you know , this is a way of finding the remote .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Mm-hmm .

Decision5

C :  Anyway , we are not using really advanced technology , L_C_D_ has already been ruled out , A_S_R_ has been ruled out . So it's the basic thing but very trendy and very user-friendly .
A : B :  Okay .

Decision6

B :  Okay , so
A :  So we have this . We have a a basis um , how do you call it ?
B :  So
C :  The base station .
A :  A base station . We'll have a base station extra uh on the side .
C :  Right .
B :  okay , so I guess we need , you know , something that can fit a banana shaped object .
C :  Mm-hmm . Yeah .
A :  Yeah . Uh , we have a R_F_ for um for beeping for beeping . We need b R_F_ to beep . So we that means we need a button on th on the on the basis .
C :  That's right , yeah , we need that , yeah .
B :  Okay , so it's uh Yeah .
C :  Basis station . Yeah , yeah .
A :  Basis station , thank you .
B :  Alright , so we need uh okay .
A :  Can you go quickly please ? Okay . So we are going to add uh also um you as you suggested the whee some wheels to control the volumes and channels and your tur turbo turbo uh button .
B :  Yeah . Yeah . Yeah , which I think it's it's probably best actually on the on the underneath of the the device , so you have
C :  Turbo button .
A :  Yeah , on the th yeah , maybe here . And the and the wheel a a at the level of the thumb for instance .
B :  Yes . Yeah , so you have the thumb kind of here . So yeah , you need one one here and one on on the other side , so you got volume an and channel . And , uh
A :  And and you have two wheels . Okay right . Good . So no L_C_D_ .
B :  No L_C_D_ .
A :  Okay great . Um . Very good .
C :  Okay .
B :  Oh we need a we need a power um on off switch as well .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Uh for the remote ?
B :  Yeah .
A :  Oh , just the switch , no f not for the T_V_ for the T_V_ . Uh so you
C :  Remotes don't have power on off switch .
B :  Yeah .
C :  Okay .

