Decision1

B :  We haven't um uh specified where the speaker or the microphone will be placed . That depends on the uh s design of the circuit board inside and uh what room is left um
C :  Yeah .
A :  I think the microphone is on on the top , uh on the middle , the under the flip .
B :  Yes , okay . Uh-huh .
A :  So that will be the safe , so p any the chip it's not on the chip because you need to have microphone to
B :  No , I mean it depends on the design of the circuit board .
A :  Yes .
C :  But it shouldn't be under the flip either , because you can have the remote control closed , but you still might want to activate it by voice .
A :  Uh it's it's Yeah , but uh uh my opinion I think it's better under the flip because whenever you want to uh the talk , okay , so then you can speak then you can close it . But if you put it on the on the flip , okay , then uh technical I don't think it's uh feasible , 'cause most of the time you speak then it will be recognised .
C :  But if you've already got the remote control in your hand you need to open the flip to use the voice , why use the voice , why not just use your hand ? I mean the whole point of the voice is that if the remote control is sitting there and I'm too lazy to reach over and pick it up , I can just use my voice .
B :  Maybe I've got my hand in the popcorn bowl and I'm holding my cup of Coca-Cola in the other hand .
C :  Yeah . And you don't wanna let go of either one .
D :  I don't wanna say . Louder . Yeah .
C :  I mean it doesn't have to be on the flip , it can be on the side somewhere .
D :  Can also be on the side .
A :  Yeah , the sides maybe is good . So That's good idea .
C :  Yeah .
B :  Mm-hmm .
C :  So , I mean I can pass this around if anyone wants to
A :  Yes . So it's maybe good idea .
B :  Yeah , y better you pass it around with a napkin .
C : D :  No , because y you can easily put a microphone on the side that would have no problem would haven't been not be damaged or anything , and it'd be accessible all the time to voice .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yes . Yeah .
C :  Yeah , exactly .
D :  Yeah .
A :  So it's maybe good idea .

Decision2

B :  So that means we can put the uh
D :  Display in . But as far as production um I'm putting up a question because we're talking about profit also , and in mine you'll see uh
B :  the L_C_D_ in , yeah .
D :  the problem with uh our survey , the p the possibility that how many units can be sold , what percentage of the market , etcetera etcetera because that has to be taken in into consideration .
A : D :  Uh this is just production cost , it is not uh advertising cost , it's not transportation cost uh
A :  Yes , so still uh we have twelve point five Euro .
D :  And that will inflate quite a bit the cost of the uh the cost of the unit for the company . So to come up with what the company wants is a fifty million Pound profit , we're gonna have to go a long ways .
A :  Yes . Yeah , but Yes . Yep .
C :  Um-hmm .
A :  Yes . This we are talking about one unit , okay , so when it go into the quantity , okay , and the cost will come down .
D :  Yes .
B :  Although customisation , because this is being done , you know , the on on-order basis , it might be uh the the quantity won't m won't uh the circuit board will b you're right , would be in producing quantity , but the cost of the case would uh be fixed at the
D :  Slightly .
A :  Yeah .
D :  It's gonna be very hard to reduce .
C :  Yes .
B :  Uh you got some pretty cheap labour that can do this case for one Euro . That's really that's the cost of the material and lab wow , that's really outstanding .
D :  That's not bad .
A :  Yep . Yeah . But anyhow , still we are under control , okay , so what uh I will do is I will try to negotiate with the vendors , okay , to get uh the production cost less , okay , so then we can save some money , okay , to put into th our marketing or uh you know the promotions , whatever , okay , so that uh I will look after . I will speak to the management and how to get uh you know some more uh cost down .

Decision3

B :  Uh uh um I would uh like to explore the possibility of using um alternative um delivery and sales channel which would be um to use the internet for promotion and ordering and then to drop-ship the p product to the customer's residence . That way you have no storage , you have no um you do have transportation , still have the labour cost , but you don't have the transport to the uh point of sale . The point of sale is online .
A :  Yep .
C :  I was thinking the same thing , yeah .
A :  Yes .
C :  Directly . Um-hmm .
A :  Yes .
C :  Yeah .
A :  To the agents .
C :  Yeah . You can do a shipping centre somewhere , or strategically place shipping centres to minimise distance costs .
B :  Right , like Amazon . In fact , we should sell through Amazon , don't you think ? Or eBay , yeah .
A :  Yes . Or eBay , or Yes .
C :  Yeah .
D : B :  There's an idea . Going with um
A :  Yeah , that's a good idea . To impro more profit and uh
D :  S Upscale technology . Well .
A :  Yeah , yes .
B :  Ah , we we're do you know , selling a unique product uh .
C :  That actually makes more sense if we're gonna make it so highly customisable , 'cause on the web people can look at the different options they have , see maybe what other people have done , what the range of possibility as , whereas if you're in a store , you can't unless you're a highly imaginative person , you may not really know what it is you want , whereas on the web , if you have a bunch of pictures , it can sort of trigger ideas and
B :  Mm .
D :  There are several companies that have gone that way .
B :  Mm . Mm-hmm . And you can even have an a movie that you can rotate the object and look at the di the only thing that you're missing really is the weight .
C :  Yeah . The weight and feel .
D :  Weight , the feel of the product , but
B :  Mm .
C :  Yeah .
B :  We're getting used to that . It's not quite like trying on a shoe , but people are getting used to buying things online that they can't touch before buying .
C :  Yeah . Yeah .
D :  There are several that have gone through with the watches , too . You can customise a watch , you can see how it is at the f at the end of the production , you can change it uh
C :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Uh-huh .
D :  There's a lot of online that's that is doing this now .
C :  Yes .
D :  And when you're rotating , you'll look behind and look this way uh it's possible to do with this , maybe there's a possibility of selling more than two million units in one year , which could you know , feasibili feasibility uh lower the price of the unit .
A :  Yeah .
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  We can .
B :  Great .

Decision4

A :  okay then , l uh let's wait for the production , okay , then uh you can evaluate the product , so how it looks like technically and uh how it look like uh the real .
C :  What turnaround time do we have ?
A : T
C :  'Cause I mean production evaluation can be very very quick or very very long .
A :  Oh but Yes it's it's very quick , of course . It will uh come back in two weeks , okay , it will be ready in two weeks . For evaluation , okay .
B :  Works for me . Prototypes , you mean . In um
A :  Yes , the prototype uh prototype product evaluation .
B :  We probably should do some market tests uh once we have the prototypes and do some orders and things like that and test-market it .
A :  Yes .
D :  Well , obviously .
A :  Yes . Yes .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Mm that'd have to be thrown out on the market for people to get an idea , to see get get their
A :  Yeah . So you can take a minimum two weeks to a maximum four weeks .
C :  Mm-hmm . Think minimum two weeks if we're gonna develop prototypes and then try to take them to different places and see how people use it's not a trivial task .
A :  Yeah . Yeah , because we we are not going to do it in uh our factory , okay , so we can give it a product evalua Yes , yes .
C :  No no . We definitely shouldn't do it in our factory .
B : A :  So we'll do it in the other place , and I don't think it's take more than four weeks time . Or uh Okay , so then the real production we will start once we product evaluation , okay , then uh it's approve from uh the technical team and uh your team , okay , uh from the management , then we can launch in the market .

Decision5

A :  Let's proceed with this model , okay , for the for the marketing direction , okay . So no more changes will be made , okay , in this the basic design .
B : A :  Okay ? So we will introduce m this model and uh let's introduce in the market and let's take the feedback from the customers , then we can uh go for the
B :  Second generation .
A :  second generation .
C : A :  Okay . There's no end , there's not limit . Every every custom
B : C :  The problem is there might not be a second generation if the first generation flops for some silly reason that we haven't thought of .
B : D :  Well , then it may not be .
A :  Okay . Well , every customer , okay , they have their own ideas , they have their own test , okay , so there's no end , there's no limit .
D :  Like people don't like wood .
C :  No , but there's a difference between releasing a product that has been minimally tested and fine-tuned to suit a general range of requirements versus releasing a product that we think will work but we don't really have anything to back it up .
D :  very specific .
A :  Yeah , so that's the reason you are here for uh the design , okay , I hope you made a good design .
C :  Yes , but I'm not everybody . I mean the whole point of user evaluation is to see what real people need . We have our own motivations in mind , we have our own ideas in mind , but that doesn't mean that that's what's gonna sell .
B : A :  Yeah , but uh see , we ought to take a few considerations , okay , one is the price consideration , one is future consideration , okay , like uh you can eat uh you can all eat more chi I can eat more chilli , okay , so i it's a depends on the individual taste , you know , so we have we have to balance somewhere .
B : C :  Yeah , of course . I'm just trying to point out that I think that your evaluation and redesign turnaround time is too short well you have no redesign not you personally , but in the project we have no redesign time and
A :  Yes .

Decision6

B :  Ed , d do you know what season of the year or time of the year is the most important for T_V_ remote control sales ?
D :  Hmm .
B :  Would it be the Christmas season by any chance ? Sports season .
A :  The sports time .
D :  Right before the Eur the World Cup . World soccer . World Cup soccer , they need those things that they have their hands g occupied and they need to be able to talk to the con remote control .
B :  Which sport season ?
A :  Football .
B :  So so
C :  Yeah .
A :  Football .
B :  maybe what
C : B :  So I think what we need to do is perhaps to synchronise the final the the launch of a user-tested device with some special event . And and then um so that gives us a little more time perhaps then we anticipated , because I don't know when the World Cup is , but I'm sure there's gonna be one .
D : A :  Yes . Yes .
C :  Yeah , that's a good idea .
D :  Or any major sports .
B :  Or another m major sports event . Probably not the um the football games coming up the end of January . I think that might be a little too aggressive um , but , so , I'm just ig uh pointing out a uh a strategy to uh do some additional user testing pri and then to launch um at a a major sports event or uh perhaps to uh also
A :  Yes .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Research .
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Yep .
C :  That's actually good place to advertise it too .
B :  And to work with motion pictures . There might be some motion pictures that are coming out um that are coming out on D_V_D_ that uh they need to have a m special remote control to work with it , so we could maybe work out a campaign with uh with Sony Pictures for example . Maybe some management has got uh relationships there we can leverage .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Yes .
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Yes , the that of course uh I will convince the management to do that , okay .
B :  That's great .

