Decision1

B :  Uh okay , so method method of our design , I think I just start listing th some of the things that we actually need to put into this . We need a power source , we're gonna need a smart chip if we're gonna make it multi-functional . Um extra functions will probably need an additional chip . Either that or the smart chip will have to be extremely smart .
A :  Oh my bad .
D :  Oh that's fine .
C :  Help me .
D :  What exactly is a smart chip ?
B :  Usually a smart chip is just a chip that's been programmed and designed so that it can complete a fair range of functions .
C :  Well , how much extra would the additional chip be ? Is that gonna push us over our production costs ?
B :  I wouldn't think so , 'cause we could probably get it from like , in bulk , from a a newer company . And they tend to sell their chips pretty cheap .
C :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Okay .

Decision2

C :  Yeah , that's gonna be what's communicating with the T_V_ , but the other bulb , I think , is good to just to indicate , I'm doing something , it's sort of like a reassurance .
A :  The l the light up kind of Yeah .
D :  Like that we know the battery's working .
B :  Yeah , so you don't have to stare at that infra-red , 'cause you know when the battery starts dying in your remote currently , you have to actually stare at that bulb and go , okay , when I push this button , is it working ? We can skip that whole thing . Yep .
A :  Hmm .
D :  Okay .

Decision3

A :  Anything you wanna add for personal preferences though , you f you said already that we needed a large on-off button , you think . Anything else ?
B :  I think that that's a good idea , because you know that's one of the most important buttons .
C :  Just
A :  Okay .
C :  Well , should it be larger buttons in general , you know like uh the examples that I had , they were swi quite small . So should we try and go for something that has l larger buttons ?
D :  I think we should . Like I think that would be in a as in like in for the design , sorry , um . I think we should definitely go with buttons that don't look like a normal remote , 'cause most remotes have small square buttons , I think we should do something like maybe bigger and round like bubbles .
A :  Mm .
C :  Ovals . Yeah , yeah .
A :  Okay .

Decision4

A :  Alright . Sorry , let's go through this . Alright . Here we go . New product requirements . First it's only going to be a T_V_ remote . We're trying not to over-complicate things . So no D_V_D_ , no TiVo , no stereo . It's not gonna be multi-functional .
B :  Okay .

Decision5

A :  Hey . And we th need to promote our company more , so we need to somehow include our colour and our company slogan on the remote . We're trying to get our name out there in the world .

Decision6

B :  Okay . So , do we have to include the company colour within that ?
A :  Yes . It's part of the logo . Okay .
C :  Company colour being yellow .

Decision7

A :  So our target group is You mentioned um older people ? Would it just be universal for everyone , you think ? Because I think even if something has large buttons , as long as they are not childishly large , like even technically
C :  Mm-hmm . It's gonna make it nicer . Yeah .
A :  non-technically challenged people are gonna use it . I mean they want something user-friendly , so
B :  Mm well , even if we kept the regular standard size of remote , if we reduced the buttons down to the ones that people are saying that they use the most often and a couple extra , 'cause they're saying they only use ten per cent of them , then we should be able to accommodate fairly decent sized buttons .
A :  Yeah . Yeah . Okay , so we want um for our target group would we say , I mean , young and old , all age ranges , all um , not kids obviously , right ? Or kids ?
D :  No , kids need to know how to use a remote , I would think . They gotta change between Disney Channel , Cartoon Network .
B :  Most of them will intuitively pick it up though .
A :  Okay , so we're going to go anywhere from kids to adult in the age range Um what about
D :  Yeah , I think we need it all .
A :  technic technical um specifications , like how how technically literate are these people who are going to be using our remote ?
B : D :  Um I would say we should say dumber than the average person .
C :  We should go for the lowest denominator .
A :  Okay .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Right , okay .
C :  High school educated .
A :  So so they need no technical experience to operate
B :  how 'bout little to no , because there is no way that you are gonna be able to make it no .

Decision8

A :  Okay . And we also need to determine the specific functions of this , just to get it all out on paper . So we said it needs to send messages to the T_V_ , needs to change the channel , turn on and off , just basic simple stuff like this . So if you have something just say it and we'll add it to my meeting minutes .
C :  Well it's channel , on-off button , volume , mute .
A :  Mm-hmm , volume .
D :  And channel . Yeah . Those are the most important ones .
A :  Right . And we wanna keep um I'll make a note here that we wanna keep the number of buttons down . Correct , because people only use ten percent . 'Kay .
D :  Yeah .

Decision9

A :  Hey , what else ?
C :  Um .
A :  Um .
C : B :  Do we want this thing to be able to be found easily ?
A :  I think so . What do you
D :  Sure , yeah .
C : A :  A finding kind of device or Yeah , ho homing device .
B : And
D :  I need we we need a like homing device .
B :  like if this is gonna get lost underneath the coach , how are we going to accommodate the quick ability to find it ?
C :  Oh right yeah okay .
A :  Mm 'kay .
C :  Tracking .
D :  Because people really are looking for a remote that's more high-tech .
A :  Okay . Right .
B :  What if we gave it a charger ? And on the charger , just like a phone , like you get a portable phone and it's got a charger , and if you d leave your phone somewhere , you push the button to find it , and it finds th the phone beeps for you .
C :  But you got a base .
D :  Do you think people'll really go for that though ? Because
B :  It's useful for the remote phone .
A :  Hmm . Would that add to our costs at all , I wonder ?
D :  Yeah . I would think so , because you'd have to develop a base .
A :  Right .
C :  Well , if you have the base , you could start putting in a charger and then you have a different kind of battery .
B :  Yeah .
D :  Hmm .
B :  Rechargeable batteries are cheaper usually .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Okay . I I think we can make a decision about that later .

Decision10

A :  And we also need to deal with the issue you mentioned of speech recognition , if we want that .
D :  Right . Do w
C :  Well , then we could If we have the speech recognition then we can start aiming at a like another kind of more handicapped disabled uh demo demographic .
A :  Mm .
D :  Well , th there's the people who desire speech recognition , there's the different demog demographics have different desires , I don't know if you guys ge
A :  You could um we could hook it up . Oh .
D :  It wouldn't copy onto the the thing 'cause it's black , but all the different age groups have different desires for speech recognition . So basically older people don't really care . It's really the people twenty five to thirty five . I feel those are the people that really watch a lot of T_V_ though . They're the ones that get addicted to soap operas and
C : A :  Mm-hmm .
B : C :  Well
A :  And if and if we introduced it when they're this age , they're going to probably always buy a remote that has
D :  just sitcoms and stuff . Right . So
C :  Well , then then do you put the voice recognition do you put the r like receiver on the actual television , in the base , or in the actual remote , 'cause then you've already got remote in your hand , why you just gonna speak to the remote , whereas if you just speak in general and you don't have to have the remote in your hand and like talk at it .
A :  Right . Yeah . and the speech recognition could be part of the lost and found device , too . If we said , find remote , locate remote , or something .
D :  Right .
A :  A certain phrase then it could beep . I dunno . Just throwing it out there .
D :  Yeah .

Decision11

A :  'Kay . And don't forget we need to include the colour of our company and the logo .
C :  The colour being yellow ?
D :  Wait .
A :  I'm guessing . And the R_R_ .
C :  And how do we
D :  I feel like a ye I feel like a yellow one would be too garish .
B :  R_ the double R_ .
A :  We could just have the logo in yellow , or maybe a yellow light for the keys .
C :  Can't make it entirely
B :  Or is the l
D :  Or put like stripes , oh yeah , yellow lights .
B :  Yeah , yellow could be and it could doesn't have to be huge .
D :  Yeah .
C :  Well if you have like a Hang on . If you have this sort of strip kind of down at the bottom the base of it , just like yellow with the R_R_ .
A :  Right .

Decision12

A :  So we've simplified , we don't need all those um play , fast-forward , rewind ,
C :  Right , yeah .
D :  Yeah .
A :  or no menu buttons . So we've pretty much pared it down to on-off , volume , mute , channel up and down , um the numbers Yeah .
C : D :  Yeah .
A :  Um can we go back to I'm gonna look really quickly back at those
C :  Two examples . Yeah .
A :  examples and see if there is anything . Which one is yours , technical functions or functional requirement ? Okay .
C :  Oh , it's a Yeah .
D :  Yeah , audi audio settings and screen settings , we need those like audio settings mono , stereo , pitch , screen settings like brightness , colour , or do we just want that accessed accessed from the television itself ?
A :  The T_V_ . I think that that's fine just for the T_V_ . I mean how often does the average user need to do that kind of stuff ?
C :  Well , the other option is sort of like down at the bottom , like farther away , you just have this sort of box inset where it's like the buttons that you don't use as much , but occasionally you will use .
A :  Hmm .
D :  Yeah , 'cause we need to we definitely need to have buttons for like sub-titles and things like that . It's 'cause the foreign film market is expanding and stuff , and like on television like I know f k living in Los Angeles it's tons of Spanish network television if it has English sub-titles it's definitely helpful .
C :  and so it's like
A :  Couldn't we do that all through one button , something , a menu button , that pops up with a menu on the T_V_ that says , you know , audio , video , whatever , language , you know ?
C :  I don't well , I don't know . Right .
D :  So we need up , down , and side-to-side buttons .
C :  Well , that could be No you could just double up with like the channel or the volume buttons .
A :  For the menus .
B :  Mm-hmm .
A :  That's true .
D :  Yeah , okay .
C :  Channel is just up and down .
D :  Okay , yeah .
C :  And then add a
A :  Something that looks mayb you know .
D :  Such as , yeah , the one the one over there on the left the engineering centred one .
A :  Y right , right right right . That one ?
C :  Yeah . So we just have it like add a menu button then for the various things needed , including v voice recognition if we have any like settings for voice recognition now
A :  Right . In the middle perhaps .
C :  included in the menu .
A :  Yep .

