Decision1

A :  Now I was sent a couple of things to modify our uh new requirements . Um the remote's only gonna be for the television , which is good because we already decided y your your research showed that uh not only is a universal remote more complicated , it's more cost , more costly . And your re uh research showed that you know most of the people don't even use it . I think uh you said fifty percent of the people only use half the or ten percent of the buttons . So if we remove the universal remote then that solves that problem .

Decision2

A :  Um no teletext . Um
D :  Mm .
A :  So we don't have to worry about that .

Decision3

A :  Um but we do have to use the the company wants us to incorporate the corporate colour and our slogan , which is we put the fashion in electronics . And our corporate colours are grey and yellow . And we could probably get away with black too but

Decision4

A :  Um from all all three of your uh presentations , I think that we were on the right track a lot in our last meeting . Um We want something that looks good . Um we want something that's simple . We want something that you can find easily . Um

Decision5

A :  User interface concept , we want it to be something simple .
C :  Yeah .
A :  Um Minimal number of buttons .

Decision6

A :  So um we know that the remote's gonna have to be we'll just say we've got a colour scheme for it . Um yellow and you know yellow it's nice and bright , with the buttons being grey or black . And our slogan pasted somewhere on it , on the the bottom or the you know . Um
C :  Yeah .
B :  Mm .
D : C :  Bottom perhaps yeah .

Decision7

A :  Um you know with minimal number of buttons . I guess you've got you know one through nine . For typing in your channels . Uh you've got volume , up and down . Channel up and down .
D :  Power .
A :  Power . Usually at the top . Um a mute .
B :  That's the classical design .
A :  That's that's pretty much all you need I think . Um A menu button , maybe .
B :  Right .
A :  So you know . If you , if we want the remote to do other things like um or I guess the T_V_ to be able to change the tint and the colour and you know all those kind of things that are built into T_V_s , we just have that under one standard menu button where you go in , press the menu button , scroll up and down to select it .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah .

Decision8

B :  Talking of which maybe a scrolling function is not not too bad .
A :  'Kay so
B :  It's Talk about maybe f look at that from the side , there maybe . Which is technically the easiest option . Would probably be like a scrolling , little scrolling wheel like this . Yeah . Yeah . Yeah . So .
A :  Um
D : A :  Mm-hmm . Like a wheel on your mouse .
B :  Yeah , sort of like that . You can even
A :  Sort of .
B :  if we're coming from mice , we can even add a click function , where you , in order to verify the information you just press it down .

Decision9

C :  I mean I'm just just thinking maybe if it was um circular um with the sort of that sort of the sort of early idea we had , with the way that was more like that , whereas this is just a one-handed thing that you sort of almost wrap round the thumb . So you'd have your , you'd put your hand into there with the thumb there . And then your thumb would do you'd have all the buttons sort of round here . And that I think could work . On any hand . If you just had it like wrapped round there . Left or right .
A :  Yeah . Kinda like holding a
D :  Mm .
B :  Right . That minimises it size-wise as well .
C :  Minimise its size . It could be you know really quite small .

Decision10

A :  Manuel you're going to work on the components for for what we're gonna use . Let's go with our our uh rounded
B :  Right .
A :  kind of fit in your hand let's explore uh the the uh possibility of having the two-piece . So one for the the quick zapping um and possibly one you know with just that rounded part that fits into your hand . Um
B :  Alright .
C :  Yeah .

