Decision1

A :  So .
D :  So . Twenty five Euro for a remote control .
A :  Yeah , mm that's the price we want to that's the aim for the price for the remote control . We aim to do this profit .
C :  Hmm .
D :  Okay .

Decision2

A :  Mm for a production cost of mm twelve fifty Euros maximum . 'Kay .

Decision3

A :  So any of you have experience in remote controls ?
D :  Uh yes , we have plenty at home . In fact , my daughter likes l remote controls . To eat ? Yeah , mainly , and to break .
C :  Mm yeah .
A : C : 
A :  That
B :  Mm . To eat ?
C : A : C : A :  So that could be a great um application . Remote controls children proof . Mm mm-hmm .
D :  Mm-hmm . Yeah . Ye ye yeah .
B :  Children proof . Hmm .
D :  So she likes uh buttons which make click , so it has to click .
A :  Okay .
C :  Yeah , pret
A :  So they have to be waterproof maybe ? 'Cause they eat she ate it .
D :  It has to be uh wha baby proof yeah but mainly it has to be very robust because even if she's not very tall she's uh high enough so that uh when she throw it away it's uh
C : A :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Yeah .
A : C :  Ah .
D :  So it has to be very robust .
B :  Okay , unbreakable .
D :  Unbreakable , yeah .
B :  Uh-huh .
C :  Yeah , we have some child lock or something , yeah .
D :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Mm-hmm .

Decision4

D :  And uh it has to be nice looking ,
C :  Yeah .
D :  colourful , maybe
A :  Colourful , yeah mm .
B :  Colourful ? That's not practical .
D :  colourful , because uh nobody has colourful remote control , they're always black , yeah , but this one could be I dunno , purple or b
C :  Yeah .
A :  No , that's a good idea .
C :  Yeah , it's always black or yeah .
A :  Mm mm-mm .
B :  No . But how gonna okay , just uh but it's uh monochrome it's n it's not like
A :  Yeah .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , yeah .
A :  No , because you think , why not .
C :  Yeah .
D :  One colour .
B :  Otherwise you will never find it .
C :  Yeah .
D :  Yeah , yeah .
C :  Yeah even we can change colours , no ? Like the uh like the phones and these things we c yeah . At least for children like one colour and .
D :  Oh like the phones , yeah , it could change colours , yeah .
B :  Cool .
A :  Mm-hmm .
B : Ch
D :  Yeah . Good .
A :  Good idea .

Decision5

D :  But uh what would be different from this , from the others ? I dunno if
C :  Uh maybe we can change the colours that at least the frame . Mm . S so then it depends you are to
D :  Yeah , at least the colour would be different .
A :  Mm .
C :  Mm I mean you c you can easily remove the frame .

Decision6

D :  So ma I prefer to have the off button at the top right , so I would have my own design of the remote control because it's in fact just a a full touch screen remote control , if you if you like .
B :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Ye yeah . Hmm . I mean it it's like it's like two types no ? people are right handed or left handed so y because I am left handed I use like this , say if you're right handed you use like this or so tha your switch on and off should be on yeah .
D :  I don't know if it makes sense , but
A :  Mm-mm .
D :  Yeah , for instance , mm .
B :  Mm-hmm , mm-hmm .
A :  Mm-hmm . Mm mm mm .
D :  Mm .
A :  So adaptable yeah something yeah .
B :  Adaptable . Alright , good , so how many actions do we need to implement in it ?
D :  Maybe , if if it's possible , yeah .
C :  Mm huh . Maybe I think even we can keep two switches and then we can uh only make one working .
B :  On off ?
D :  Yeah .
C :  We can adapt only one switch , suppose here like we can make two switches and if I'm left-hander I use this switch to follow the main operations .
B :  I mean if it's less than three uh then we can make it uh like a
C :  Two .
D :  Three buttons you mean ?
B :  like three mental states , yeah you know what I mean , we can just make it uh
A :  Three option .
D :  Ah .
C : A : C :  Yeah . Yeah .
A :  Um .
B :  controlled by a brain , huh ?
A :  Mm-hmm . Maybe if it's more , if there is a software inside that ask you three
D : C : D :  Mm-hmm , yeah , sure .
C : B :  Mm-hmm .

Decision7

A :  Hmm . If it if we want a r universal remote control that we sa like we say before it may
C : A :  may need more than three mm three button , three mm possibilities , ye yeah .
B :  Sh sure , sure .
D :  Yeah , more than three actions that you may want to do at a given time .
C :  Mm yeah . Yeah .
B :  But for standard actions you usually what do you do , you change channels , you adjust volume , and nothing else .
D :  Yeah but for instance when you change channels you can have you can just go to the next one or go to channel twenty five .
C :  Mm . Yeah .
A :  Mm .
D :  And that's already more complex to go to channel twenty five .
B :  Mm-hmm . You do this ?
A : C :  Yeah .
D :  Uh no . Because I'm only using three or four channels but
C : B :  I usually just change channels .
C :  Yeah . But they keep generally their t slash slash uh this thing and then the dash dash and then you can put yeah , you can only have one bit .
A :  Yeah . I change channel like this , m uh I want to go to twenty five , and then to ten , uh-huh mm yeah .
C :  Dash .
D :  And then back to the one I was before , so there's whichever it was .
A :  Also we can be here yeah , that would be cool .
B :  Uh-huh . Go back button is good . I once had it .
C :  Yeah you can yeah . Yeah .
D :  Yeah . Uh uh we had that in in other countries . Yeah e even the history so you could like uh undo previous of the previous .
C :  Yeah yeah , the previous button is .
A :  Mm yeah .
B :  Mm-hmm .
C :  Uh , okay .

