Decision1

A :  It's something that we're supposed to sell for about twenty five Euros um

Decision2

A :  Do you guys have any ideas for what it should look like ? Maybe we could draw it up on the on the board over there . Some ideas ? We want it to be a b a ball , you know , we'll draw up we'll draw up the ball and maybe th um where the buttons are located .
C :  I'd I could draw sorta the ball idea . My original idea was just simply sort of a sphere , where maybe you this is where it's connected together , and then when you open it out , it could fol it could be maybe flip , like a flip phone , and then when you fold it out the middle Maybe a hinge that'll have to be the strongest part of it . If that if we did use a hinge , or if it was just two parts , and then you'd have
B : C :  just sorta you you you know , your buttons . Thing is inside I think , sometimes remotes have too many buttons , so maybe as simple as possible , um as few buttons inside as possible . Um , I dunno , what's the idea for . Just something maybe if you ha if it had like if some kind of like light or something or lights around it . It's looking a bit like something out of Star Wars at the moment though , to be fair . But yeah .
D : A : D :  Futuristic .
C :  That was that was a sorta simple idea I had and then you know you could about
B : A :  Uh-huh .
C :  Right , it would almost be like a ball . So that was just just an idea I had . I don't know whether anybody else has other ideas ?
B :  Right . One problem you'd get with this design is um the ball is a nice idea because of it's stability really , but of course , since it's a ball , it'll roll , so we'd have to have it flat on one side at least , down here somewhere , take away that part . That's one of the big issues . Also also you risk the hinges here . That's that's um a problem .
C :  Yeah . Yeah . Maybe f yeah . Yeah , that's g that's a good idea . Yeah . The idea it didn't have to necessarily be f a hinge , that was just one idea though .
B :  That's that's interesting of course , but that's of course a weak point , yeah .
C :  Yeah .
D : A :  How would we go about um making you know getting rid of our weak points ? What I mean would we just have a flat spot on the bottom of the ball ? Not to put you on the spot , but
D : C : B :  E No no , uh uh .
A :  What did you say your title was again ?
B :  N n
D : B :  Uh , I'm your Industrial Designer , so i b well , the point is
A :  You're the the Industrial Designer .
D : A : B :  that well maybe I dunno . The shape is perhaps not the most ideal . As as stable as it is , there must be a compromise between um stability and design here , so .
A :  Okay .
C :  Well I I suppose that things become design . But I mean i
D :  Mm-hmm .
C :  I was trying to think of like the design of others . I can't think of anything other than a long rectangle for remote , maybe small , sort of fatter ones , but there's nothing being done sort of out of left field , yeah .
A :  Yeah . It's not new , it's not innovative , it's you know , everybody does long remote because it's easy , it's it's stable um .
C :  Yeah .
D :  'Kay , I'll draw something . What ? My idea was just to have it be kind of like a
A :  So if no , go ahead .
D :  keyboard type shape , you know , like video games l so . But maybe I mean that would be kinda big and bulky . We could also try to do the hinge thing , so it could like flip out that way . I don't know .
C :  Yeah .
D :  That's my idea .
C :  I think definitely doing something different
D :  Yeah .
C :  is a good idea .
B :  Mm .
C :  I mean maybe design something , that's sort of like uh I suppose not everybody's everybody's hand's the same , but something that would maybe fit in the hand easier .
A :  Something with a grip .
D :  Mm . Yeah .
C :  Yeah , with a grip .
A :  Yeah . Because even I suppose even with the ball
C :  It still might be hard to it still not the ho easiest thing to hold , yeah .
A :  it's it might not be the easiest to hold onto um .
B :  Mm .

Decision3

B :  So
A :  Let's see here . What if we had what if we had not only um say we went with the ball the ball function um , but maybe we give it sort of grips along the side s um to make it easier to hold on to . So you know um s so it's easier to hold onto that way . Course that'll then remove some of our our ball . Unless this unless this part were raised , so say the cover flips over and covers that part .
C :  Yeah .
A :  So the grip is No , that wouldn't work either um . But if we're gonna make it flat on the bottom , then that eliminates our ball anyways . So if it were flat on the bottom and then had the sorta grips on the side here I guess , um and then flat uh And then we have the problem with the hinge . So if we're flat on the bottom , it's not gonna roll away , it'll stay where we want .
B :  The question is also , I dunno , d do you really always want to open that thing when you have to use it ?
A :  Mm , that's true .
B :  It's probably going to lie around opened all the time anyway , so I don't know if a lid is a good idea . From stabil stability point of view uh it certainly is , but also you have to face it and take into account the more of these things break by accident , uh the more we sell . So it's don't make it too stable uh .
A :  So we don't have it flip open . We just have a ball
C :  But then maybe to go back to the to th s something along those things then .
B :  To the other design .
A :  Okay , so then we forget the ball . It looks cool , but it's really not it's not functional um .

