Decision1

A :  Based on what Nathan presented as far as the um various costs and benefits um I think , I dunno , what do you guys think about the touch screen at this point ?
D :  I think it's our most marketable feature just because it's so new and it's something that is showing up in other places .
A :  'Kay . 'Kay .
D :  But can we really afford it 'cause it looks like they would be , that would be a really main cost source then right ?
A :  Mm-hmm .
B :  My estimate is that in order to incorporate touch screen technology it's gonna cost us upwards of seventeen fifty Euro per remote , yeah that's just an estimate though .
C : A :  To produce each one .
D :  Per ? Piece .
C :  Oh you guys are always the dampers on these projects .
B : D :  I know
A :  Mm .
C :  You industrial designers .
B :  I know . It's fun .
A :  Hmm .
D :  And our goal was to be under twelve fifty or we have to be under twelve fifty ? Do we remember ?
A :  Well .
B :  I thought there was some flexibility with that .
D :  Okay .
A :  There is , it's just , it is a question of and how much ca o does that mean we're gonna have to increase the price to make money . Um , from twelve fifty if we d wanna get our fift uh hundred per cent profit margin um that would mean selling it from twenty five . If you multiply seventeen fifty by two that's thirty five .
D :  Can we justify it ? Right .
A :  So
C :  Where do you guys come up with these numbers ?
B :  That's just off the top of my head , it is pending further emails .
D : 
C : A :  From the board , um , well
C : 
B :  Right .
D :  Though I think that's what people would pay for , I mean if you're gonna pay for an expensive high class remote , you're gonna expect it to do something
C : A :  That's true , I mean
B :  It is the new it would be in a class of its own .
D :  Yeah .
A :  And that's to be fair the um the per cent of the market we're not going for mass any you know , mass sales anyway , we're gonna make I mean we we're not talking about selling eight zillion of these things , we just couldn't , not for twenty-five Euros , so
D :  Right .
A :  we could probably maybe shrink the profit margins rather than selling for twenty five , sell 'em for thirty , but that's something that we can have finance deal with . Um , I say that we provisionally go with the touch screen or wh y wh what was your thought on the matter Ron ?
D :  Yeah .
C :  I'm thinking that's uh definitely a good idea and I also think that we could probably come up with some sort of a cheaper uh means to to go about this kind of production , my my team in the uh on the third floor suggested that uh
D :  See if we can cut some corners .
A : B : D :  Right . Well and we can look into this other manufacturing option , and maybe we can get 'em somewhere else cheaper .
A :  Mm .
C :  Yeah .
B :  It's true . We could initially go with what we have and if we can find them cheaper later on
D :  Right . It's a starting point anyway , so .
A :  No we could have a s very simple touch screen , you know , there's always the opportunity , if it's gonna be about the size of the iPod or whatever , you know , w we yeah , I guess we can play around with it a bit . Alright , let's let's say that okay so the touch screen will be our um our main selling point here .
D :  Mm .
A :  So
C :  I mean I think that we really have two main selling points , I think that our casing and the voice recognition
D :  Yeah 'cause with voice recognition I mean really this is pretty bells and whistles kinda remote .
A :  The voice rec thing , I mean , if if we're looking at bottom line , now we're looking at upping the cost to seventeen to get the touch screen on , I think we might have to drop the voice rec .
B :  Yeah .
C : D :  I think we'd have to decide between 'em definitely .
A :  Yeah .
C :  To be honest , we have the capa we have the design in-house , I mean we've we've come up with this , with this new voice we're using it for our coffee machines already .
D :  Price-wise . True . We've already got it .
C :  I can pass you on that email from my uh guy in uh guy down the hall . Sounds good .
A :  Hmm . What do you think on it Nathan ? About the voice rec ?
B :  I think if we we do both the obviously production costs are going to go way up um but it does put it into it'd become the Rolls Royce of remote controls basically . It would be very nice .
D :  Pretty much .
C :  I mean we we have to r reflect back on what our market research did say .
D :  Right and they said they wanted voice recognition . Course , maybe they hadn't thought of this whole touch screen option , but definitely we know the market is there for voice recognition so to say we have the technology and we're not gonna use it even though we know it'll sell is a call I don't think I can give the highs ups . Like really I can't go in and say no we're gonna just ignore everything we know .
A :  Mm . Yeah .
C :  Does having both really up our costs ?
A :  I can't see how it wouldn't , I mean , there's you know the old aphorism , you can have it fast , you can have it cheap or you can have it quality , pick two of three . You know , you can't you can't have all three . It's just impossible .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Yeah , 'cause you you just upping the number of chips that you need to deal with each different function .
D :  Yeah .
A :  Well if we're gonna pick betwe e alright so we have to pick between one of the two . Um . Otherwise , yeah , we just it just becomes cost prohibitive . What which , which do we suspect we should hold o we should hold on to ?
D :  Well , we already have research backing voice recognition as you know fiscally solvent . But uh I I I personally would tend to another direction but if that's what's gonna sell I think that's what we need to go with and maybe we can table this touch screen for our next model .
B :  I would have to side with that , I think the voice recognition is simpler , we already have the all the technology in-house , it's ready to go , it's packaged , it's
A :  'Kay . What does the cost look like Ron ? Is it cheaper to do the V_R_ or to do the uh touch screen ?
C :  Well my p is
A :  Nathan ?
D :  Mm .
B :  Um , this is just off the top of my head keep in mind , but I think the voice recognition would they're both mm they're both gonna push the costs up , but um , since we already have the technology in-house for the voice recognition we're not gonna have to do as much design work and sometimes the design work is what push the costs up , if you know what I mean .
A :  Mm .
D :  Right .
A :  Right .
D :  Right .
A : C :  Um , I definitely have to agree with that last comment .
D :  And we're still not then we don't have to deal with this battery issue nearly as much either , we can stick with what we've already got .
A :  Mm .
D :  In a lot other ways too .
A :  Okay . So I'm getting alright so more or less you guys think that o o of the two of 'em , the voice recognition will be better . Okay . Yeah .
D :  I think it's our lower risk option which for right now we can have it on the market sooner which is all in all our best option .
A :  Okay . Sorted . We will omit the touch screen in favour of voice recognition .
B : 
Decision2

A :  You discussed either a lithium or a solar power . Would the solar power be enough to fuel a voice recognition ? Or this kinesthetic one , would that be enough to fuel a voice recognition remote control ?
B :  Um , the solar power definitely would be but I think just to keep people from getting annoyed , 'cause sometimes solar power fails and there's no way round that , we should install a small backup battery .
A :  Mm .
D :  Yeah .
B :  Just to cover those moments when for whatever reason , the remote hasn't been exposed to
D :  Well what of people with like the T_V_ in their basement , like what if wha we can't guarantee sunlight everywhere so having a secondary source is probably
A :  Mm . Yep .
B :  It's true . Yeah , it works about the same as a solar powered calculator , and you know how those those don't really require that much light , um , but obviously a little more light than a calculator , but we're not talking about a lot of light . Doesn't have to be out taking a sunbath for a few hours a day or anything .
D : C :  Calculator .
D :  Yeah . True . True .
A :  Right .
D :  Right . Okay .

Decision3

C :  I'm willing to agree with everything that's been said . Uh I have to say though that um another idea's come up in my head . If we're really not uh handling the remote control to a great extent we could possibly get away from the idea of having a hand-held remote control and maybe kind of have a round remote control that kind of looks like a paperweight or something like that , kind of a sleek little uh neat thing that sits on your table or something .
A :  Okay .
D :  Uh
A :  Hmm .
B :  Hmm .
D :  Interesting .
A :  Yeah .
B :  Why , why moving away from hand-held , why ? What's the uh idea ?
C :  Just a thought . Well if you don't need to pick it up it could kind of be a selling point .
D :  I if it's got voice recognition it can be technically anywhere in your room and still do its job .
B :  Hmm . Do you think people that are people that buy a remote , are they always gonna wanna use the voice recognition or is it just something that they do sometimes .
D :  True , and i probabl I think we're banking on selling it to more than just voice recognition people , like we want it to work fundamentally as a basic manual too , right .
A :  Well we have to have buttons on it too as well . But that's done , that's no bother I mean if you look at the catalogue from places like with sharper image or whatever you know they might have or like um who is it , Apple makes these really pretentious speakers with the th sub-woofers you know like clear and glass and you know and then they got these little pyramidal type of um speakers . I mean , why not have a little rounded kind of thing , it could still have the basic buttons on it . Um , 'cause we're going for basic functionality primarily as well .
D :  Mm-hmm .
B :  Right .
D :  Yep . Yeah . With the bu yeah .
A :  And maybe a menu button and so forth , you know um use a channel button to scroll through the menu d if they want to record programmes or whatever you know I mean we can sort that out .
B :  I think , I think you're on to something because we need to escape the traditional shape of a remote . Maybe something that looks nice on a table is would be good , even though and hand-held the same time .
D :  Mm-hmm .
A :  Yeah .
D :  True . Way to go .

Decision4

A :  And the uh the material like the plastics and so forth , we were discussing that being uh using like a rubber kind of softer feel , um you know li lik if you feel the the tip on this pen it's a bit gives just a bit . You know something where it's uh a a more advanced f form of plastic that has some kind of a tactile response to it .
D :  Mm .
B :  Okay .
D :  Mm . Yeah .
B :  Right . Just kind of the squishy feel .
D :  Yeah , which is the next big thing , so that's not gonna hurt us either .
A :  Mm 'kay .
C : B : A :  Yeah let's see if we can do a squishy non-remote control-looking remote control .

Decision5

B :  So have we decided that we are gonna go with different style cases for different people ? Or are we just going to go with one ?
A :  Um .
B :  ..It's very , it's very hard thing to predict because you have different cases and that might open up your market a little bit obviously , but if you have just one case and it doesn't go very well mm . It's a tough situation , but obviously having more cases also costs more so
D :  Yeah .
A :  Yeah .
D :  Right .
A :  Well then again colours wouldn't be so hard to do , you could have uh a , you know , a um uh kind of a natural wood colour , like a stained wood and um , I don't know , olive green or something . That wouldn't be so much of a problem to incorporate into the colour of the thing .
B :  There's an idea .
D :  Mm . Yeah .
C :  And again copying iMac's kind of for iPod Mac Apple's uh colour scheme .
D :  Yeah , get in there . Yeah , totally .
A :  Yeah , I think that's probably a good id okay so let's work on uh multiple case colours . But yeah , stick with the same kind of kinda yeah , the same basic non-remote kind of remote design . Cool .

