A :  Hello
D :  Well
A :  This meeting well
A :  It's for should be focused on uh consider are designed
A :  Has the remote control
A :  Um
A :  The goal of this meeting is to reach a decision
A :  And the and and the concepts and
A :  I think the last time we talked about and what not and we had to ralph idea of
A :  What c.s
A :  Going to be
A :  That's a
A :  And the at the end of this meeting we have to
A :  To reach a decision
A :  So uh
A :  We would have again three presentation from a few
A :  And uh
A :  I up between be fast because i would like to have time to
A :  For a long discussion and then
A :  Decisions
A :  So
A :  Wants to start
C :  Yes
C :  No no you you're gonna sell
D :  Because that
A :  Uh
D :  Can you have to my presentation
A :  Yeah
D :  And number four
A :  This one
D :  You press a mouse
D :  Oh okay so okay um so they
D :  Basically i just whenever the t. v. and see some recent results we've had from um looking it's uh
D :  Um some remote control market research and some fashion trends around the world
D :  Um
D :  Fashion trends we got from talking to a a a a context in the fashion industry based in paris and milan
D :  Um
D :  So if from a market research
D :  Basically they come to the conclusion that
D :  A fancy look-and-feel
D :  Um as opposed to a functional look and feel
D :  Is a number one priority
D :  Um fancy is is is is that you know how desperately
D :  Secondly um
D :  That
D :  Uh remote control needs to be to be technologically innovative
D :  Um
D :  So this is number two party but it's two times as important as the fancy criteria
D :  Um and said that we we easiness of use is is the the um
D :  Is
D :  Is is important as well but again two times less important as the technologically
D :  Innovativeness of the remote control
D :  From a half fashion people in paris and milan
D :  Um we've decided that this yeah
D :  Um fruit the fruit and vegetable my teeth
D :  Would be the most important thing
D :  In in clothes shoes and furniture so um
D :  Um
D :  Pre cover and their remote control fits into the finnish you can agree
D :  And also i um
D :  The feel of material this yeah um is expected to be spongy
A :  Okay
D :  Um
D :  Sorry had three our remote control reflects that so in some way
B :  What is it means point g.
D :  Uh uh sort of um squishy
D :  Oh
B :  Like soft or something
D :  Yeah stuff like uh
D :  Uh sponge i don't know
B :  Okay
D :  Yeah
D :  Um it's a conclusion when you are right control needs to be something that's really fancy
D :  Um
D :  Has lots of technology take mm
D :  Technology in it
D :  Um
D :  So now
B :  Okay
D :  Would be good to have it related to fruit and vegetables with the spongy feel
D :  And
D :  That's easy to use and from our last meeting or you know if at the um covers that what you know
D :  Well there are classes that we have to
D :  Reflect the look-and-feel of uh of
D :  The real reaction company
A :  Yeah
D :  That's it
A :  Easy to use easy it's uh
A :  As much as important and technology of fancy and it's less important right
D :  Less important sorry
D :  Um
D :  Fanciness first
D :  And then to to you know a half as important as that is technology technology and half important as technology it's easy to use
A :  So i made can you
C :  Yeah stick with the police
C :  Shall presentation on what true
B :  I think the biggest are there will be the easy to use feature we'll see
C :  Yeah
A :  Um
A :  Number
C :  True
A :  This one
C :  Yes
C :  And it's
C :  Just would you please check it is first one or it's okay
C :  Uh i don't know it's the first one second one
A :  For instance this one
C :  Yeah
C :  Yeah
C :  So i'm going to talk about the need to be able to how
C :  This remote control should be a hearer to be more easy to use
C :  I think yeah um i think the feature easy to it is more important than being fancy but okay we can discuss about it that later
C :  Oh um
C :  Generally in their early uh this remote control or uh should be uh should be something good in mind when you uh the first feature is just to be easy to use so they're more frequent buttons should be larger they should be placed in it
C :  With the position yeah you know inside the remote control and it's the uh uh i can conclude like this that
C :  Which we don't need to learn how to use it it should be you should and need to do this all pen did the the board can the start treaty and and
C :  Uh learning how to use this uh
C :  It's the remote control
C :  Okay still what i've on the the the uh as i said
C :  Um i think it's better to put uh a more frequent for the the key uh buttons which are used small in a meeting of the remote controller and they should be bigger in size um and the shape of remote control should be innovative each can do it should be taken easily in hand it should not be completely like
C :  Uh oh thank you it should be it should have around age still
B :  Okay
C :  Uh then it's easier and maybe
C :  Uh yeah just like some voiced on the joystick which is easier to take inside and
C :  And the whole still uh of them because
C :  Because customer doesn't like to buy lots of battery you should not so i can assume lots of energy
C :  Okay
C :  And the my personal uh preferences uh huh they say uh uh just put think these buttons in a special places and colour some buttons which are not used uh that's much like settings button
C :  Like mobile phones usually some more by phone call the the
C :  No yelling number of parts so we can cover these button on which are not used or
C :  Oh and number buttons for the for the for the can't china's and just switch of one um change or just uh
C :  Can uh channel change but i was i i uh uh
C :  In the remote control and need the user need it to do some more complex task they are here you can hope and the colour and then changed settings or something like this
C :  Oh
C :  And also uh uh i think if we put some some some some some buttons in the size of the remote control it can be used easier not on remote control i don't know if i can explain that but uh it just sit inside
C :  For example in this sliding or already did uh
C :  Uh uh the the the stuff if you put it in size then we can easily manipulated to calm
C :  So it it can be another uh for friends
C :  And uh
C :  I don't know but uh i think you they just the speech or gotten to the recogniser can be would i know that it can see with lots of energy but if we do it's in some way that
C :  It just keeps of entities no was signed then they need to take some sign it may you consume less energy and i think it's wood because it is something new and usually young people like something new sort it may not be very useful will but because it's new
C :  You could maybe buy it
C :  Uh
C :  I press and i think they should be a big difference between
C :  Uh a bit is something otherwise they prefer to buy something which is coming from there
C :  Famous company or
C :  That's mine
A :  Okay yeah
B :  Okay some
B :  Good news for me uh well for me from on that but then he's from all for this lady this spongy design ahead and make it as an engineer about
B :  Okay could you please so then we'll need
A :  Mm yeah
B :  And person to
B :  And each one no probably
B :  First one i'm not sure
B :  You can first one
B :  And most of the things i have to
B :  Right my stuff on the board but
A :  This one or
B :  Yeah that's it's just
B :  It's on the baseline yeah
B :  This this is just so one thing i wanted to mention
B :  And show you that it i just
B :  Uh i just found this
B :  That's our company to develop the uh seventy seven thing is sort of those
D :  Each
B :  Yeah seven seven inch t. t. f. t. screen
B :  Which is good news for us since we wanted to include the display there
B :  Uh
B :  So
B :  Uh i probably
B :  Draw it down the overall scheme
B :  This is this is the stuff that i can used
B :  Okay so the
B :  This will be like the overall scheme or overall requirements from the
B :  Engineering point of view
B :  Uh first think is so
B :  This will be the overall shape not
B :  Oh
B :  I'm not speaking and all the real shape of the device but the shape of the
B :  Inside of the device
B :  So there will be some circuits
B :  Or for the polar
B :  So say power circuit here
B :  Uh the main the energy will be taken from batteries
B :  That we can uh
B :  At and if
B :  We decide to use the speech recognition stuff there
B :  We must use additional source of energy
B :  Which i found the best is to use the solar cells which can
B :  Which can uh supply everything
B :  I was computing all the all the things related to the speech recognition then it's okay to use just a two batteries and source also so no problem
B :  There can be also solar cell
B :  Uh the main board with all the circuits
B :  Will take at least seven to seven centimetres so this is my like how the requirement for the
B :  That's from the design so at least seventy seven
B :  It depends where you put to your screen
B :  Because the screen is so uh seventeen so
B :  It depends anyway great but it doesn't matter it yeah and it's just one courts from from the main boards to the screen which can be elsewhere
B :  So this will be cheers seen
B :  And um the main board so we have the uh um interface to the microphone
B :  Which is somewhere
B :  Same here
B :  Interface to the microphone than the graphical card
B :  Oh uh for the t. f. t.
B :  And the surgeon it is though i i the good news is that we can uh oh we decided to use the infrared you need
B :  Because our company has also a develop the chip for communication by doing that right so including all the stuff inside so it will be very cheap for us
B :  So infrared here
B :  So though
B :  Once again there were all requirements uh one to seven centimetres for the board which has to be which can be spongy but is to be this size
B :  And the t. f. t. which is
B :  Seven inches
B :  Um
B :  I have to check what i want to
B :  Oh
B :  From my point of view i don't care about though
B :  About
B :  Uh the material used for the overall this though of all the device
A :  Can you feed in the uh for numbers fifty or any electronic device in a spongy feel know it's there any problem for that
A :  Either put put in a creek out on this
B :  Oh
A :  Only thing can
A :  I can imagine it could be a problem
B :  All all these things in in a in this box are okay to put in in any shame basically what do we have to take care of the t. f. t. well sponginess maybe it's a good features since it takes if it's
B :  Around the t. f. t.
B :  Then it's good because it's just it's
B :  Keep students say if i dunno
C :  Well maybe it can have to share is
D :  So
C :  Yeah hard share that inside and this one you share those are
A :  Okay maybe in put a clinic in a box and spongy thing along
A :  Which is that when you have to
B :  Well
D :  So
B :  It's maybe i realise it's a very right
D :  Can i ask a question
B :  Yeah that's all for me
D :  These seven inch t. f. t. screen
B :  Yeah
D :  How big is it reality
B :  Well seven to seven inch yes
D :  So like that
B :  Yes
D :  Have we decided that we're gonna use this t. f. t. screen
A :  No i don't think it's a one buys it and i think it's events of that one only seven usually when this
B :  To be honest i was
D :  But i mean even even that is still like this big
A :  Many in show
A :  It's a don't know
A :  I don't know i i don't know when each i think
A :  But yeah
B :  Yeah has to speaking i was thinking that it was seven centimetres
B :  Emission line but it's it's a range is but i i think we can we can get it
D :  I think at the t. f. t. screen
B :  Yeah no no problem because
B :  Because because then the size of the graphic art will be you want forced
B :  So
B :  Yeah but no problem to to me to get the screen
A :  Yeah that if
D :  Okay so it
B :  So so for the same price we have for screens
A :  Did you continue
D :  So what's the size of the device
B :  Ah well
B :  Basis like
B :  This is almost nothing seven to seven to at least well some three millimetres or something
D :  Is in from my perspective seven seven seven is the president's and it is it still
B :  Yeah but we wanted to be but
D :  Can you hold at all
B :  Stuff like that and no
B :  Because if it's it too small we can
B :  You can use it
B :  At home you know
A :  What's user wants a wants a smaller remote control
C :  Well
D :  Yeah a small okay control i can oh yeah
B :  I saw that the
C :  Yes
B :  Or something
A :  That's it
D :  This um and there's seven seventy square it easy dot
B :  Why i i think sell it if the role the buttons on on the side you don't have to teach like that but just like these and
B :  You know for phone
B :  That's
B :  Does not task for me but
B :  Well so one to seven at least
A :  So maybe you can finish your presentation and after us to discuss about sources
B :  Mm yeah
C :  Maybe it's
D :  Okay
B :  Okay thanks
A :  That's it okay
A :  Um so i think we have a lot west take the sheet and today so
A :  I think well see some more to
A :  Can uh use r. i. d. and i think decisions
A :  Uh at first i think in and she said
A :  Key program because
A :  Uh
A :  It depends
A :  What can we
A :  Half as feature if
A :  We use only batteries for example or something that's that
A :  Because can we have
A :  A c. d. and speech recognition with battery and it's it's are so we're already kids to the size of the
A :  And so that that was the device
B :  To the just the point to the energy is is things
B :  If we use the batteries and the edition also solar cell
B :  Then it's okay for l. uh speech recognition and l. c. d. so no problem in an interesting
A :  So
C :  So but
B :  But we have to use to use solar cell otherwise no
A :  Uh next
A :  That's using how many batteries for example top what
A :  Maybe what keys the size of the batteries
B :  Yeah i was thinking just come and a cells
A :  Okay
B :  So like three to five centimetres i don't know exactly uh
A :  One two
D :  So if we use that solar cells
D :  Um where is the sun
D :  If someone talking to be inside
B :  Uh doesn't doesn't need to use at eight
D :  I
B :  It's just the daylight know
B :  Yeah well i i suppose that i suppose that the that this remote control wanna be in the
A :  Give it a night
B :  In the room like this where there's like nothing
B :  Then that people but
A :  At least when there's t. v. you can get
A :  Like from the t. v.
B :  Yeah fruity
C :  Yeah
B :  Huh i don't think it's
A :  Yeah i don't know
D :  Okay
A :  Okay
B :  I'd say
B :  To compromise no
A :  I just use new one
A :  Maybe
A :  Technology
B :  Yeah that's why i wanted to to include the speech recognition "'cause" you want to
A :  You technology
D :  It's quite innovative yes
A :  Um
B :  All the new things
D :  And if you watch t. v. outside it's
D :  Very useful
A :  I think before talking about "'cause" i think it's important thing that's the case
A :  Uh what what are gonna be the size because it's with gripes use uh what what going to use those features and so on for example of doesn't
A :  What did see
A :  If we choose to office more
A :  Device we can uh choose is that a such a
A :  Yeah yeah
B :  That is the screen is okay but the board uh
B :  That's a problem
B :  Well what what would you guess is a shape or what what would be the shape
C :  Uh-huh
C :  I think i think they're doing a larger someone is not important the only important thing is to be a bit to take it in
C :  Yeah inside and easy so let's say an average size okay and it should not be very maybe also and i pre fair to use speech we don't have a uniform shapes or in the me then it should be a detailed be seen or maybe maybe
C :  So we can use night like some do a six week and take that some some d. c. d. can take inside and easier because it's it's designed for your fit
C :  Uh at eighteen didn't work on your finger shape than your bottom shape still
C :  The general shape should be like these i think yes it a centimetre by same as finding that are
C :  You said it'd be too large so well
C :  Say then let's say then but
C :  They say if i used by a ten
C :  I think it's that's my opinion is yeah
D :  Which is a sender
C :  Yeah i
D :  Could you could you redesign of board
B :  Five to ten
D :  Well five five centimetres but since it is
B :  Yeah right
B :  Yeah i think if you don't well uh
B :  One
B :  Mm
B :  Mm how can we do it
B :  We could put the board next uh well i'm the the l. c. d. and for example make the l. c. d. be totally
B :  Unrelated to this thing that you hold in your hand like holding something in the l. c. d.
B :  To be just
B :  On top or is there are some more
B :  But maybe let's stick to those
B :  Spongy thing like one unit
A :  I have
B :  Well five five to ten it would be feasible
A :  Face just think would be too
A :  All of us more uh a t. v. it's possible
C :  Mm
B :  Oh okay so all five to ten i i think it's it's easier
A :  So well the wheel of a smaller
B :  And the kids
C :  Or a
A :  C. d.
B :  Five like that
C :  I don't know but i don't want to uh now invent something new because we didn't discuss about it so uh using some l. c. d.s you can't are so we can remove the keys and just
C :  Oh having to fly don't know the name
C :  L. c. d. responding to of fingers
A :  Yeah
C :  Touching a screen something like a
A :  Back to you know something you touch mm
D :  Touch screen
C :  You take care
C :  So but
C :  For now if we don't want to use such kind of screens i i think be using bit smaller screen is better
C :  Because
A :  The prime use where for the meeting amount of time so we can uh
B :  Uh-huh
A :  I think mm
D :  So
A :  Well for us more a c. d.
B :  What is it
B :  Yeah so so just you just give me the the
C :  The smallest
B :  Five by ten numbers that you find the best and senate me a matter of the reckon yeah
C :  Okay
A :  So five bucks thing
A :  Um
A :  So what about it's still the case we talked about this
A :  Um
A :  Something easy to use you said something easy to use but how does that feeding the fashion way and i should we fruit and vegetable and the boats that
A :  Core oh and noble it's uh
A :  I was a company
A :  And so on now
A :  Can we do that's
A :  My first ideas because
A :  A court oh it's more yellow and is that it should be easy to take in your hand at fort about ban an hour something that's that's which is fruits and
B :  And then uh
A :  The big but i
C :  But
B :  Or yeah
B :  That in mind or something
D :  Well it's it's a fairly obvious to us
D :  With the colour of our company and a lot of uh
D :  Uh the fruit vegetables
A :  You just an idea i don't know what do you think
D :  Do you know there any other for and vegetables are yellow
A :  Yeah
B :  Or
A :  I don't know if you can feet with the technology your suspicion is that
B :  I mean than that
B :  Wow
B :  But it's
B :  If is in there if you do the banana is big enough
C :  I
B :  Then it yes
B :  If if you want to look at the screen and bad i know
A :  Yeah and
C :  I think this is pressurised
A :  It's the screen nice to be a square or or
A :  It can be
A :  And i just uh the shape quite it's uh
B :  Well
B :  It can be whatever you want
B :  But if it's square then we get four screens out of one like i think it is but if you want some shape then we
A :  Yeah
B :  Can only get like two screens out of seven to seventy six so
B :  It's like more more expensive to have
B :  Ship like that but i don't care
B :  Yeah what if we if we
D :  Well
B :  Requirement
D :  I'd like a shape screen i think that's more important
D :  And saving a bit of money on
D :  On the t. f. t. screen
B :  And it may be the banana could be it like a big so factor that and then the credit card common one
A :  Yeah
A :  I should remember by nine add that to use
A :  Doesn't have too bad
B :  Like more
A :  To be uh of
B :  But i know okay
A :  Reasons size and exactly the shape and
B :  Really
A :  So well really
B :  Stick to buy another
A :  The banana thing
C :  Okay
D :  Yeah banana's good
B :  Okay
A :  So
A :  Is the best point we decide eat it's for reading yes
C :  I think for the
A :  But isn't it
B :  Uh-huh
A :  Yeah
A :  So that's it i think about the concepts you have was uh
A :  Thing too loud this point or
A :  Huh
A :  No so
A :  Uh but see user interface still we are you going to use it c. d.
A :  In the last meeting we talked about uh
A :  He then buttons
A :  I don't know what we're going to do with that it's
A :  That's about it
B :  Like peeling off to do unless use
A :  Oh dance on the side
C :  Yes i have to banana
B :  And it would be cool yeah
C :  I
B :  Feeling of the but i dunno should
B :  Go the other buttons tried mm
A :  Yeah
A :  Okay
A :  And you mean to first leo would be spongy
C :  Yeah
B :  First they obviously
B :  Yeah well
B :  It's it's like silly but the people are really appreciative yeah i think
A :  What is it
A :  Is it possible to do that
A :  It would be a great idea but it's
A :  We'll see what did you can
C :  Oh right
A :  Like doing a spongy
A :  Nee uh as a banana and you
D :  I think if we
D :  If we have a a spongy layer on the outside of the banana then it's easy to a
D :  Make that
D :  You know to manipulate that too
A :  Yeah
C :  Yeah it's um
D :  I'd be a cover that can pull off and
C :  Something like a plastic colour covering go
C :  Some interface u. s. b. interface that thing though
C :  In the digit uh come around to see if it's like putting you all kind of plastic colour and you see some use the interface there's some some interfaces for a doctor or so
C :  Keys can be um buttons can be covered like these three that plastic colour
C :  And do with uh and then you can discover it's like putting a banana so
C :  Something like that
A :  Yeah but do you see that does it
A :  Which leads think all like
A :  Like a banana something very soft you can open a banana
B :  Is it possible to make it soft
C :  Yeah yeah it's a nice the like a plastic cover so
B :  So i think
A :  So
B :  If it's so then it's
A :  I don't know what your thing ball but it would be great for users that thing and they
D :  I think for sure definitely softer the better
C :  Mm
B :  Oh is to speak and cannot imagine it so far but
A :  Yeah
B :  It will be
B :  Terrible
A :  And sitting buttons
A :  You can uh
A :  Mm of our remote so something uh
A :  Something we didn't talk about this yet so
A :  I think it's
A :  Well nuts there
A :  I think
A :  Uh maybe
A :  How can we
A :  If we have a soft thing
A :  Like this and it's
A :  Cool twenty twelve to attach it somewhere
A :  I don't know what to do that that you can you know
B :  Mm mm
A :  And uh
D :  You could you still curve
A :  Yeah maybe
D :  Uh may maybe magnetic
C :  Yes yeah that's a good idea
C :  Line guess uh
A :  Menu take
A :  Fine
C :  Uh-huh yeah right yeah it can use
C :  It can be plastic cover a sticking to the
C :  To the all this stuff like the wood and it's got a magnetic uh
C :  Magnetic uh
C :  Battery r.s in the board there so or it's it just sticks like
C :  The refrigerator door
C :  Completely
A :  Okay
C :  And then you try to open it it will be all and is it is still
C :  You you can be sure that it will not be opened wide you are the board wide uh your come on the using the buttons on the banana
A :  Okay
A :  And what could be so much so you have to
A :  Firstly i mean
A :  Next
A :  Soft plastic well
D :  Yeah i imagine some sort of final
A :  Yeah
D :  Yeah you know is that
D :  With this way you do
D :  For the feel
D :  Maybe
B :  Well since since the since the things like that like the screen and um
B :  Mm that the solar cell
B :  Has to be
B :  Has to be like "'kay"
B :  Get to a shape we can do it
B :  That is so oh we need to
B :  That to know that that you ink
B :  No
B :  At home but we should we should
B :  Take care of these two two things
B :  So if if uh the solar cell want to be visible while the ban eyes closed then the material must be able to put the
B :  Light inside you know
B :  So that we can do it you know if you have to go with that
D :  Hmmm so you say is it possible to have a solar cell
D :  And these
D :  Removable cover and
B :  It is possible but it's well
D :  And and a banana
B :  I don't know
B :  I don't know what to do it if if
B :  If two if it's better to put the solar cell to that
B :  To do
B :  Killing the cities
B :  Or or inside but then it must be
B :  So we know there you know
A :  And something with for what may be uh about the the speech recognition system know we're going to use it no
C :  Yes yes
D :  I think it's important i think
A :  Yeah
D :  One another but
A :  It's feasible and and it's
D :  They're already sustained technology
A :  I'm think very
A :  So we have to that designs it in good shape
A :  New and so and then we have also the technology thing would be
A :  And even and uh easy to use so we have
A :  So we have a sorta speech recognition
B :  Three
A :  So those are quite it's not decided everything and it's
A :  I think
A :  Well no
A :  Would way
A :  So um
A :  Uh as the next meeting we start in
A :  Thirty minutes
A :  Um
A :  So um
A :  As a d. u.
A :  Industry uh manager
A :  Uh
A :  When uh we walk and the third look and feel design
A :  The user interface
A :  Uh
A :  Mm manage it
A :  Manager
A :  We walk and
A :  So user interface device
A :  And um
A :  It's the marketing week's pay a weird was the first project evaluation
D :  Okay
A :  So i hope
A :  You can do that in thirty minutes
C :  Seasons
A :  And uh
A :  Yeah i i
A :  Uh i think you should walk with us you know
A :  Um and then the picture
A :  To walk yeah in there in the first prototype
A :  And uh
A :  More votes a shape and so on and how we can dash
A :  Okay with thing
A :  Bizarre
A :  And um
A :  As usual well you will receive some specific instructions so
A :  I think your body and see you in thirty minutes
B :  Okay
D :  Thank you
D :  But
