A :  Or as well so
A :  Yeah
A :  So i can get a bigger every time
D :  It's just that
A :  No he yep
B :  Mm
B :  So i suggest we start a meeting uh
B :  Without match to uh
D :  Okay
B :  Use a
B :  All three made for some reason
B :  Um
B :  Today um we will look talk about the conceptual design
B :  I hope for
B :  Both with some more work yeah
B :  Concerning yeah yeah conceptual design
B :  Um
B :  This'll be an agenda for
B :  The meeting uh
B :  No i have
B :  Uh i will
B :  Take some minutes uh again
B :  Um we will have to presentations of
B :  A few
B :  You numbers
B :  And then try to come to decision is uh about the concepts uh you have presented
B :  So and that's the one
B :  We have someone forty minutes uh
B :  It is uh
B :  So um
B :  What's this uh but at the at your presentation right
A :  I was intention i'm just like this
D :  Yeah i think yeah the much too easy easy for them that might do it yeah yeah
A :  Uh-huh
D :  Because
B :  Ah there is an issue
D :  It's really uh a team a project a team and you some money that yeah then we can maybe it's okay
D :  Good
A :  Yeah so you know use wow
A :  My presentation
B :  So
C :  It is
B :  Do you have presentation reading
A :  Uh-huh comes in i see
B :  Ah
C :  So
B :  So these two men is uh
C :  Yeah i sent you the slides to do this with them
B :  Oh yes i see a good yes
C :  Uh huh
C :  So
C :  "'kay"
A :  Okay
A :  Okay yeah
B :  Okay
B :  Right
A :  I guess this is just a presentation on
A :  Uh the trends that are used to write the product stand out from the rest of the product that that might not
A :  Hmm
A :  This one
A :  So we had a look at way
A :  Well we can do with our product to make it stand out a make it to do what about
A :  Um
A :  This is
A :  To do this know what the market and
A :  We basically use um so but the screws have a switch out what do we v. last time there is also that
A :  And it's um some research for the cat design
A :  Um
A :  And fashion trends at that moment
A :  And
A :  And
A :  As part of this
A :  Important as the is the kind that what things we were discussed really must important but that was the look and feel of it
A :  Nice is that it is
A :  Very
A :  Different for everything else that they need to stand out a nice big not functional at the rest of the thing that that my that
A :  Let's hope on remote control or in mind that we need to have some that looks interesting look exciting that will stand out you wanna buy it
A :  Um
A :  That was twice as important as the next item on here which is that has to be technologically innovative has to have something else
A :  Apart and just look at that be like that and think about inside it's got something that i want as a really cool page uh
A :  And it has to make them wanna by the end
A :  Then the list and again in the that it was twice as important as as last
A :  Um aspect
A :  Has to be easy to use either have to be l. c.
A :  The outlook uh and has a intuitive idea to have a user
A :  Um
A :  Drawing on the fashion trends of them um it's a
A :  Fruit and vegetables um
A :  This is basically talking about this to the p. l. s. i. programs know about that the bright colours
A :  Um eye catching
A :  Really ball designs
D :  Uh-huh
A :  And the spongy feel um back to talk to the design people about this but having a remote just textile it feels different but really cool don't make it stand out
A :  Um
D :  You can you repeat and maybe more precise what what do you just said
B :  Spongy feel
D :  Uh what the shooting yeah uh
A :  Well like
D :  You
A :  Make it but if it starts and use the current things and you can text do that
A :  Basically they're they're what's the rest of my which are
A :  Spongy all text a little so if we make it
A :  That may be fairy all soft or something those lines it's about
D :  Okay
A :  Round is that plastic which a lot moment
D :  Yeah
B :  Okay
A :  Sorry
A :  The front line guys very the most important aspect was the design to cost us
A :  Sorry
A :  Go with the fruit and vegetable idea
A :  But the bright colours so i make a stand out
A :  Kind is in the
A :  Bright yellow is an interesting colours
A :  How the fruit and vegetables
A :  Um
A :  Ten x. the idea of taking inspiration for mobile phones
A :  The what does solo not the table colours so you can choose what colour
A :  The outsiders
A :  That's a lot of yeah that
A :  Um
A :  Sex or do we just talked about maybe it's a
B :  Uh-huh
A :  About doing that so if it's part of the changeable colours in it maybe i can choose a different text yeah
A :  The spongy wire stuff on some of that
A :  So i can choose that
A :  Uh as i wanted to maybe
D :  Yeah that's a really good idea
A :  To fit in with the decor and uh
A :  Living room all just what i like that or stay whatever
A :  Um
A :  And yes the taking inspiration from the mobile phone design sorry
A :  That's not be the weight the mobile phones work away the key pad looks
A :  Also i just the way that a lot of industrial design is going to mow a prize at the moment
A :  The big selling items
A :  Double lot of wouldn't that so we can leave rid of that
A :  Uh "'cause" that using some other ideas
A :  Um back to technological in in innovation
A :  Not quite as important as still a big issue
A :  Um we talked about having a way of finding remote controls as being lost
A :  Uh
A :  That's one you look at look at this
A :  The other aspects like l. c. d. screens and speech recognition
A :  Which words
A :  I don't think my personal opinion going to be worth the extra expense an extra effort to we're going to them
A :  I think there is like a basic like this which is
A :  Very important and very would be a really cool feature to put in
A :  Um
A :  Easiest i had no real
A :  C. d. that is this maybe just
A :  Nice idea of having
A :  Look what functions
A :  Big and the top maybe bottom cells
B :  Yes well maybe match you can
A :  Yeah
B :  It's more information on that
A :  Yeah one of the five because the button you don't use as much either hidden away all of a separate
C :  Well
A :  And that's the presentation
B :  Okay good
B :  Very clear
D :  Yeah okay yeah
C :  Yeah
B :  Um
A :  So they don't have any comments our ideas on that
A :  I think you
B :  Maybe we yes well
B :  But maybe can decide later on
B :  Um
B :  You did you look and feel of uh uh i've was a good idea maybe two two
D :  That that people were to lose
B :  Yes the the the changeable covers
D :  You mean
B :  But on the other hands
B :  I i don't know whether much to prayers would
B :  Be so glad way it because it you have to introduce a complete uh
B :  Uh a new one line of of supplies uh it would be uh very complicated to a organisational
A :  That was selling so many units at this is the mean that's one of the product we devote to have two or three different designs the ladies
D :  Yeah
D :  Alright of uh yeah a set of three four different
B :  Yes
A :  Mm
D :  Aspect
B :  Uh-huh
D :  Sure
B :  Yes it at all
D :  That fits uh
B :  Oh and of course it will be uh we we get to
B :  If it works we get a after sales
A :  Mm
B :  That would be very good mean those covers can go for four
B :  Three five euro
A :  Uh-huh
B :  It's a very good today um
B :  And then uh
B :  Maybe uh we can go
B :  That is used presentation because
C :  Yeah it's
B :  The
C :  And then we could discuss they don't like
C :  We can put all ideas to the other
B :  To get any easier because you might might have some some information on the the easy to use to do or or you mention
D :  Yeah yeah i agree
C :  To the u. v. a. with that
C :  Yeah
A :  Uh-huh yep
D :  Yeah
D :  Yup a caesar did it to mind is when you're sick or something then it has to be interrogated
C :  Yeah
C :  Yeah so
D :  It's a
C :  I i'll go with that actually so
A :  Uh-huh
C :  Um
C :  "'kay"
C :  So um
C :  So
C :  But then that that i yeah well for having a more do then the the new uh well uh
C :  Different keys that and the different structure of the different forms
C :  And uh they could be like buttons so
C :  Like to have time
C :  And uh they could be of uh huh brain size as if you want to
C :  To well basically of those ideas
C :  A particular key
C :  More than others
C :  And uh maybe like you can have different colours for example having the right for the
C :  On off
C :  Sitting on and off the buttons so the the the didn't have time to uh
C :  The method they do
C :  So what i've found was that the that mostly yeah
C :  The gonna from
C :  The uh
C :  Mostly that the t. v. c. r. is it system all the good ones like to the and they're very
C :  Specific to each other but there are some common keys for example
C :  If you want to forward a v. c. r. uh if you want to forward uh
C :  Uh but it's it's the minutes from back on that
C :  We'll see they have a common thing it should be
C :  You can have
C :  And uh
C :  There is also um
C :  Uh speech recognition
C :  The store channel information names like you can basically if you have a multiple functionalities the t. v. v. c. r. or something i say it to the t. v. and it takes that v. t. v.
C :  And you can program the keys if you want to
C :  Second key that you wouldn't that and then formation
A :  That the idea that having speech recognition fall like a banana channel like you say
A :  Right now remember that the number of on the keypad that's a good idea
C :  Yeah
C :  Yeah so you you you can just
C :  Uh we don't uh add more and more channels come then you know more more problems
C :  To remember the exact and the numbers it exactly but if you are a bit barry
D :  Oh brother
D :  Yeah
C :  Colour you are indeed
C :  You still have the problem to remember exactly which family
A :  Yeah or like that idea
D :  So what functionalities do you suggest for that
C :  So it it's it's like you teach at the minute
D :  His program
C :  Limited one and the president market i saw it that says something like they're looking for a keyboard
C :  I think a two word
C :  We shouldn't read that defeated to implement
C :  Like eighty two and a right
C :  Basically what you don't know the store all channels in there
C :  Remote control you want this chose still your favourite channels
A :  Maybe ten minutes left
C :  Yeah some them court and formation in oregon on this store all the haven't had time information to that
C :  And uh
C :  Basically uh
C :  He did and like the remote with the l. c. display for holding be as you have multiple functionalities
C :  For example you're watching a movie and uh
C :  Uh you uh that having you do a solo remote control and you want to
C :  Uh you don't know really reach
C :  Functionalities maybe working now
C :  So i'm using the t. v.s a bit and
C :  I use it
C :  It could be like for example i can use a simple problem switch
C :  And the display
C :  So i press it so that this this this okay admin t. v. or d. v. d. o. want to repeat it up and t. v. separately for for keys more the functionalities willing to leave act release
D :  Oh yeah yeah mm
C :  And for you and you met one
C :  You don't want separate these are all of them
C :  You can't
C :  And uh but that can be to them friendly that you can program a remote for that
C :  They they're not a mold or
C :  Two goals set and channels it's
C :  You can block them and
C :  You can altered that
C :  So this at that for the t. v. to see in in the market scenario so pleasant
C :  Uh i personally would look at things like i mean you
C :  You know so the more
C :  Uh is uh
C :  Um
C :  With the board
C :  I yeah like instead of having it you mean
C :  In usual ones for all of them you can think of having
C :  Um
C :  But multiple functionality
C :  Possibly with speech recognition and i got "'em" in from there
C :  Of the coffee machine interface unit that there
C :  They have are integrated there
C :  See speech recognition into the into the coffee machine
C :  And so if it's a hollow coffee machine is this hi joe or something like that to go
C :  And uh
A :  The competition is not too many would it be using that that's it
C :  Yeah it wouldn't be using it so it's a limited vocabulary and staying and very isolated word that
C :  It's uh it
C :  It is interesting and the basically
C :  Storing that and the it'll wall eyes are either of itself
C :  Programming your keys
C :  Oh and uh
C :  Display for the browsing which is a game and maybe
C :  Having something like a blinking think
C :  Like a uh it could indicate to you are huh
C :  It it could indicate what it's called like the uh
C :  Ah
C :  But uh uh you you have in a battery in your
C :  In your uh
C :  Remote
D :  Yeah
C :  The blinking at the same then if it had a chrome it can be used to locate the remote also
C :  I agree
C :  Are
D :  And you want okay for coming back to one point you want to that they use that for i mean the key is
A :  You could have that
D :  Some of them
C :  Yeah i can add them to do that
D :  Than a than that too difficult for that we want
D :  I don't know if we still on the um i'll see to be easy to use that's the one
C :  No but the u. c. d. it it it depends on the easy that's like the user how much effort you can pork
D :  Oh price
C :  Like for example the ah
C :  I would like just audience up and they tell you if you want to give go for three them to the user are
C :  You want to keep some kind of things and the led the user
C :  You see it with that last thing
A :  But you can do but why do you have it so it's easier i think you got me that's right away with that going in that customising it
C :  So it is
D :  A stand up
D :  Yeah
A :  All it is they want to they have the option of
A :  Using these extra features
B :  Mm that
C :  So well
D :  Yeah
B :  But i'd uh
B :  Maybe you can
B :  Give him to us because
B :  Hi i'm not sure read that that we can implement that for twelve euro fifty cents i'm sorry to have
B :  Every time have to come down on this price again
B :  To solve this might be a little limiting them for your creativity but
A :  Uh-huh
B :  It's it's
B :  It's real
B :  Have consider it so
D :  Yeah
B :  Do you think these ideas
B :  Hand i uh it's speech recognition in maybe it's possible for for twelve euro by that then it will be
B :  It's cost of or
B :  Functionality we might it
B :  Finance like
B :  Be uh uh a d. v. d. furry uh
B :  Uh i uh case of the
D :  Uh-huh yeah like
D :  I would say that for priming uh keys you said
C :  Yeah
D :  Uh it could be uh is it the uh don within the the pick it up to five euros
C :  Yeah
B :  Yeah uh-huh
D :  But for the uh a. s. r. c.s them uh i'm not sure if it's easier or
D :  Have this or
C :  That's why they couldn't still look where we can talk with the coffee in it and you can uh checks how much how much do is
D :  Exactly it it is very easy sell overcome very it's already implemented
C :  Yeah
D :  And know how much discussed maybe we have
C :  Maybe we can come to that we can talk to them and you can come with that you know
C :  And i'll let you can think of i mean yeah it's easy uh it in as a remote and maybe if you had a little bit of a wood display maybe there to to keep taking the batteries so you knew we need uh some kind of indicators or it could be a blinking option
C :  A fairly d.
B :  Hmm
C :  Or it could actually be used to detect also if it's in a dark or we can basically detect it also
D :  Yeah
C :  So
A :  Like the idea to be ideas the right in the dark so either having
A :  The buttons so you can really didn't win them all at eight
C :  No actually if you it's like you know it has to do um it can be fun to propose is like if you have an l. c. d. display another thing it's not going to be the standard remote
A :  At the bottom or something
A :  Uh-huh
C :  Which is adding we uh we need just uh six six or
C :  Uh decided he wants
C :  Mm
C :  Uh d. c.
C :  It may need more actually so you you you may need to check your back to use a six
C :  It and then you'd need that some functionality did you get the back to the debate
D :  It's true
C :  And then if they're better than it is indicative if we could be in t. n. t. k. that were blinking something
C :  Hand it can't in the colour or depending on your uh
C :  How much to the battery
C :  That is good enough to you look at your if you want to
D :  Uh-huh
C :  You know
D :  Mm
B :  Okay good
C :  Yeah so
D :  And i say if i have time to to the one uh
B :  Mm yeah so
C :  You have an some more
C :  Yeah
B :  Yes yes you can still
C :  Some that's sure you can do nothing
D :  Okay
D :  So what i'm gonna present here
D :  Is very uh
D :  Um yeah and
D :  Basic knowledge about it uh or that the components that are
D :  Inside a a see your remote control
D :  And how is it manufactured all what is a process
D :  Is to explain you
D :  So all the mess of these
D :  That is there is a uh set of components in uh in our remote control regular and uh what cost
D :  The the components in themself than that caused a lot but the other way to add some butter everything
D :  Costs obviously
D :  And then we do the show you my a preference is uh
D :  Uh at the end
D :  Still got two uh different types of um
D :  To do from way of using the the components for making uh a remote control
D :  Uh the basic way is to use uh i'm into it it's a great
D :  And some out of the stalls was on it or is it stalls
D :  That aims at communicating uh
D :  Um the message and twos to sends a message to the um to the led that we do a forced meet
D :  To the receiver
D :  And uh
D :  You know the components and the circuit board
D :  Boring buttons infrared led
D :  If it well for the components
D :  Um
D :  So you use that and finding do is to say that that you can detect uh when a keys pressed and then used to answer to the key
D :  Two seconds something that morse code as you know
C :  Uh-huh
D :  Uh with the different sequence for each key and uh
D :  And that's where the components to use would have different uh messages the consequences
D :  And the chip since that singer signal to that was just a lot of "'em" to fight
D :  To make it stronger
D :  Um
D :  So i take the new parts are some belong to uh printed balls
D :  Um because it's easier to must produce and i some button
D :  And uh
D :  So i think we all fall our design want some
D :  Well uh
D :  For um a bird uh you know the e. v. l. s. i. r. f. p. g. a.
C :  Yeah mm
C :  Uh-huh
D :  Uh a high-tech energy
D :  And this is important and uh so we use a
D :  Yeah
D :  Like in any a high take care of devices a chip off like
C :  Uh-huh
D :  The fibreglass to some of them and connect them
D :  So all my it does the design we need to find a solution what um
D :  What keys the um much you love the cover we want to use
D :  If it's plastic well you said that
D :  Yeah you have some ideas uh uh like
D :  For the veg well
D :  Yeah
B :  Maybe
D :  Yes
B :  Maybe we can give the the uh the case of very uh the
B :  Normal that's very normal case but
D :  Yes
B :  We did changeable covers too fancy it up
B :  So like a normal cheap plastic case
C :  Yeah
B :  Which can be covered up in or is this a wooden case i
D :  Yes
A :  Uh-huh
D :  Yeah they they doing with cars i think
D :  Yeah inside the car yeah
A :  Just the telly run it yeah
D :  So there so that you made me that uh they have uh uh
D :  I read about uh bunch of different buttons as for we use in to be did push buttons as such as um more that computer a mouse
D :  And um very cheap a c. d.s
D :  So they could use a display so i'm wondering i think we might be able to integrate it is c. d.
D :  Into uh oh a a scene
D :  And the fire point but it is um
D :  We have yeah that's um uh a compromise choose to do so well to know that the pushbutton requires a simple chip
D :  But the score we're uh and that kind of a high a high tech stuff
D :  Means more money
D :  Um
D :  Which is a higher price range right
D :  And the display requires an advanced chip which in turn is is more expensive than the regular chip
D :  But i think uh uh with twelve euros a um a nice it's uh
D :  A major form
D :  Four million uh items then i think
D :  We we could be able to under a
D :  So tool to sum up um
D :  We need yeah so i eh it just so that the components of the race of components uh has to be uh yeah at least did and uh um
D :  And um
D :  I some be used uh an important process that has to be taken into account
D :  And uh for the designing of the co a a colour layout
D :  Then it's better to to to maybe see that too with uh the u. r. x. u. i. expert
D :  So that we can it's really a teamworking uh
D :  So i i can uh design something without you all agreement right
C :  Yeah so of course for example um
C :  Uh i wanted to know like if you want to have uh
C :  Ah
C :  Well if you want to have the l. c. d. display
D :  Yes
C :  All of their
C :  Well if you are just too or
C :  Programs
C :  You take keys
C :  What kind of things to me inside you wanna stay inside
C :  What what what
D :  Yeah it's kind of law um simpler f. p. g. a. four for four member device
C :  What what
C :  Okay
D :  Mm we have to insert
D :  I think we could insert the one that could on their uh sort of functions of
C :  Okay so in that case you can even look at the technology what the mobile phone is tied to use with the p. d. a. that
D :  Exactly yeah
C :  You have added a lot of the uh with with that might really
D :  Customising and yeah
D :  Okay
C :  How cost effective it could be too would that a chip could do we need to do that
D :  Yeah
C :  Programmable thing
B :  So i i i think we we should come
D :  Right yeah
B :  To some decisions now it
D :  Yep
B :  Uh
B :  About this
B :  Um so i understand uh when we want to display we need a expensive chip
B :  But when
B :  We you want the scrolling wheel we also need to expensive chip so
B :  Can be used change chip so we'd one expensive chip
B :  We can
B :  Uh internet set for all
B :  Complicate it or or
B :  Advanced future
D :  Exactly yeah that's a very good idea we could have uh one main chip
D :  Uh that could hand there are a it's got if p. g. a. chip that could and uh both uh like sporting with this
D :  As well as ah
D :  As c. d. and yeah
B :  So when d. more expensive chip you meant there is is possible in the in the given that it's
B :  Uh maybe we should go for four more expensive chip so
B :  All of features uh which you mentioned can be implemented
B :  And they some same chip
D :  Yes
C :  Do about
B :  Do you think that's feasible
C :  Did i don't know if it if it into our cost of uh
C :  And uh you or you know
B :  You fit you think it's possible
C :  Is it possible to fit in
D :  Yeah i'm just thinking i think both uh if we had uh budget of funny twenty uh euros it would be a case
B :  "'s" hmm
D :  Is that that um
A :  But then we need to the costings them
A :  She did maybe two designs and then cost them out and say it's one
A :  It's gonna can uh budget that uh
D :  Yeah that's an excellent idea
B :  Yes when when you make uh uh
B :  A design care you can next meeting you can given quite an exact cost price
D :  Yeah
B :  But that would be if
D :  Yeah "'cause" right now i don't know how to our price in in had that
D :  For next meeting i'm sure yeah
B :  Good good
D :  River true
C :  Yeah that's uh that's something that a lot of costly also like what can be that you can rent to the cost of it
D :  Yeah
C :  For example with if you want to put load a i wouldn't said just forward
D :  Okay
C :  Uh i uh the big that's it's i think it's hmm
C :  Much easier to use a plastic or rubber
D :  I agree on that
C :  And then a board
C :  You to do it must much expensive to do it's the most natural thing right
B :  Yes but like
B :  I think
C :  Mm
B :  Uh i think we can just
B :  Use more
B :  She plastic
B :  For kind of basic addition and then people can fancy that with with more expensive materials with
C :  Yeah
C :  Yeah it's okay
B :  Which con
B :  With the
C :  Yeah we we can give the preference to them but it is
B :  But have a problem
C :  Yeah that that plastic or no well no it is
C :  It's much
C :  Back to that uh that way or
B :  But do you agree
D :  Yeah we eat a detailed yeah yeah yeah a plastic versus uh wood
A :  Yeah sure
D :  And we need maybe to some to a our discussion on a them is a really that what buttons
D :  What a functionality want to offer to the user
C :  Yeah
D :  And maybe with a
D :  Graphs i don't know how
D :  Are the user interface design uh you could maybe uh huh that's on that
B :  No i i think uh for next meeting we could
B :  You two can
B :  Presents a real
B :  Design
C :  Okay
B :  Uh the sole drawing it on a board
D :  Perfect yeah
B :  And then we now we've only have to to decided that general function uh
B :  So
B :  Um
B :  But let's say next meeting will be produced two designs
C :  Yeah sure
B :  One one
C :  Yeah we didn't uh
B :  One less advanced and one more advanced and with the cost price
B :  Uh for the more we go for the for the
B :  Basic plastic case
B :  Which can be late it
B :  Uh fancy do with uh huh
B :  Which i did uh additional well uh
B :  How do you call "'em"
B :  It's like like mobile telephones you can put a cover over it
A :  Uh-huh
C :  Yeah
B :  But that that that that can be delay or
D :  Yeah customise
B :  You know can concentrate on the on the basic remote control
B :  Um
C :  Okay
C :  Want uh
C :  Indeed um smokies you know
C :  So what keys
C :  With the yeah i have uh
C :  So that be more
C :  That's the problem was of the time we've seen the key that that it's small
D :  Yeah
C :  And david and you have to hurry
C :  But d. v. the t. v. if you go to a different ways of designing those key then again minus and the the
A :  So is there any t. v. you're looking at feature layers that's a slightly yes
C :  Uh you can actually for example if you see that they're they're quite small it'll here
A :  Uh-huh
C :  And uh
C :  No you can find them but i think we're standing at a gym bag can be you can make change the look of them thing
D :  Uh-huh
A :  Uh-huh
A :  Uh-huh
C :  Also
C :  To the people at the same time
C :  You didn't more
C :  Uh i like it could be more than just leave a people who are having these are so you have no problem
A :  Mm
B :  Yes yes yes be a big he says
C :  Be keys in a bit uh short for them actually and uh
B :  Is a good thing i think
D :  I agree yeah and the tomb to make use of course yeah
B :  No no
C :  Yeah
A :  Well what i've had before uh rubber control we have a high miss one is actually got a cover on the bottom side
A :  Oh i'm bay is just colours half the keys much the time
B :  Uh-huh uh-huh
A :  And you can start have a back to get to that the more that's case
C :  Yeah
B :  Well but then you have still have uh when you don't use it you have such that
B :  And extent of your remote control that's you don't use
A :  Mm
B :  So maybe it's possible
B :  Uh i don't know where you can
B :  Okay you get if that you can have to wear open your remote control and on the inside
A :  Mm
A :  Yeah
B :  Are the buttons to
B :  Use that much
A :  I've seen that before to another another like that
A :  Puts up and then you can either
A :  The button underneath
C :  Yeah so something like the it's the model yes
A :  Uh-huh
C :  That you can
D :  Mm
D :  That's what you mean
A :  I've seen also with different buttons on top here as well
B :  I i
C :  Yeah
B :  That's what i mean so i mean something
B :  Like like a ball
A :  But this one another set of this one
C :  Yeah
A :  We have free to do that maybe having a button number time not moment i you know one
D :  Yeah so this one
A :  So that's just a little box to
A :  A curved or something
D :  The twenty maybe we need to listen to make a decision on how how all
D :  All been we want to be and how many buttons like that we should
A :  Uh-huh
A :  Okay
A :  It is for the next meeting now i thought about that have
D :  They decide
D :  Numbers on
A :  I had time to this meeting
C :  Yeah that yeah next meeting we should do it
B :  Just just make two designs
C :  Yeah that it up on a sec
D :  Yeah yeah yeah
B :  And then we we can define decide think it goes design
C :  Yeah
C :  Okay
B :  I think that you think so
D :  Perfect
B :  Anyone
B :  Uh uh any questions
C :  No not
B :  No
C :  And uh
A :  So this is n. l. senator from a marketing
A :  One of you for the next meeting
B :  Um you have to come to that uh uh
C :  It it would be interesting if it would look good um
C :  For the cost of mentally stuff other devices if you using speech recognition or something like that
B :  Yes well maybe
B :  Uh i don't wanna that's possible or maybe you can start salivating had their work
A :  Uh-huh
A :  Okay i was this may designing a way to regulate it said
A :  Yeah i had a circus groups and things
B :  I don't know whether that's possible to uh any given time but it's as far as possible
A :  Uh-huh
A :  Okay
B :  So uh you two will be good or a working on a on on two prototypes
D :  Yeah exactly yeah
B :  And further instructions will be uh will be sent to where yeah but you know
D :  Two or three
D :  Are the types
B :  Two
D :  Two
C :  One for like cost and the one that like
C :  Hi ryan
D :  Okay
C :  So that
B :  And then
C :  Then we can be easily combining them
C :  Uh you know find a compromise between both of them yeah so it's
D :  I'm fine maybe a compromise
B :  Okay
D :  Perfect yeah
B :  Okay that's cool that's in there
C :  No okay
A :  Thanks guys
D :  Thanks
C :  So we had um
C :  Ah
C :  Yeah
