C :  Just put on the desk or less is desktop
B :  Not on the desktop you're fine you should find that there's a project documents
B :  Link
B :  Or actually just there
C :  Project documents yeah
B :  Yeah that's it
B :  You don't in there
C :  Was a user name
B :  The user name
C :  What's the use of investment
A :  This
C :  O. k.
B :  Okay
C :  There we go
B :  Excellent right
B :  Hopefully that's that's pretty to uh to go
B :  So
B :  Functional design meeting um off the flesh out some of the uh stuff
B :  Um
B :  We'll start with three minutes of a last meeting hmmm not a lot of likely to say i would introduce the cells
B :  Discuss the possibility of a macro facility
B :  Interact interacting the t. v. a bit more um mentioning of power cord
B :  Joystick for user manipulation
B :  Um and ergonomics all v. remote control as well
B :  And
B :  It's come to my attention a fourway
B :  Teletext become outdated you can popular popular t. v. internet
B :  Remote control should only be used for the t. v.
B :  Um
B :  Do for a time to market and possibly also cost issue is
B :  Um also key is the corporate image stay recognisable um
B :  Yeah here colour and slogan of course is ten at the bottom yeah
B :  Um
B :  Now
B :  Just to say quickly uh it i would
B :  Oh for that to only been used for television be
B :  Macro facility may
B :  No not be required
A :  Uh-huh
B :  Um or like it's functionality would've been of limited use
B :  So it to the point in my opinion anyway if that it might not be worth pursuing
B :  Um if anybody disagrees we can uh
B :  I guess my say so
B :  Um
B :  And hope you would just crack on them okay i'm going um i'd like to if it's possible hear from our marketing expert first
B :  To help us in an idea where we're going to go
B :  So um novice load up your presentation from here if you want
C :  Sure
C :  Um
C :  You like to have
C :  Uh just uh huh yeah
B :  So
B :  Uh
B :  If you see
C :  Um my second one
C :  Right yeah maybe
B :  Sorry
C :  Yeah okay
B :  Okay right
C :  Uh probably my last time i guess not
C :  And he's
B :  Uh if he has a right
C :  Okay
B :  If you
B :  You want me to to cycle through for you or
C :  Oh yeah that'll be fine that be great okay
B :  Yeah
C :  Fashion requirement by me ebenezer
B :  Okay
C :  Okay so um we did some research we as one hundred people the pen is on remote controls
C :  We have some uh open ended questions
C :  Just what are your opinions on the remote control
C :  A little bit responses
C :  Um yeah some very specific questions and we got a lot of good feedback
C :  Please bear in mind this is only a hundred people
C :  So
C :  Even when the groups are divided into the
C :  Fifteen to twenty five thirty five to thirty five
C :  There's only maybe ten people
C :  Fifteen people in each group
B :  Okay
C :  "'kay"
C :  So
C :  We got some the best of a cat
C :  Remotes are often lost
C :  I often lose my remote control the back of the couch some place
C :  And a minute it's not lost permanently it takes me a few minutes to find it
C :  Most buttons are not using know like you said teletext is outdated now
C :  I remember it on a low the d. v. d. player recently
C :  And there's so many buttons it to me i don't know maybe ten minutes to to go for each button because you have to press the shift button texas the yellow buttons yeah i was just a list of that no one really uses and if they do not very often
C :  Takes too long to mess the remote control
C :  I've seen some remote controls that are big they have a little buttons
C :  You have to hold down one one k. a one time to do something this is not great to use we just got a lot of bad complaints about remote controls keep that in that like remote controls
C :  So because stuff we got
C :  But in the age of the fifteen and twenty five
C :  Most people will be willing to pay extra
C :  For voice recognition software i don't get excited yeah i've got more to say on that
C :  Most people be willing to pay for that and what people want remote controls to be pretty they wanted to be fancy
C :  They they want it to be different everybody has a white remote control we're that buttons and a red button and a green button
C :  That everybody wants that
C :  Finally in my opinion
B :  Yep
C :  The voice recognition think it's cool
C :  And um voice recognition the software open source of to exist already
C :  Is this can see that sometimes uh you know navigate good
C :  Always a great results but for a very fixed number of words
C :  You know you have pounded if um where did you have a remote control up down left right
C :  Channel five
C :  Channel seven yeah how we can have that many words for fixed okay other it works quite well
C :  I'm pretty sure people buy it
C :  But i have to wow people may wanna be ten it
C :  Because if you have to
C :  To say is i mean most people use a remote control for such a two channels
C :  And easy to do that about ninety percent is it i'm using a remote control ninety percent of time to change channels and as for three point three channels so if you have to say
C :  Out
C :  Oh
C :  If you have to do that were the time that you might get a bit fed up with that and it may be turn it
C :  How well done
C :  Well
C :  Because the voice recognition software exists already
C :  Is no need to spend money on research and development
C :  But this doesn't mean the need for microphones and uh
C :  In the remote control which is an unusual feature in my opinion
C :  But if we do have the voice recognition thing
C :  There's a lot of stuff that
C :  You can uh get rid of
C :  You get the two options t. v. you have voice recognition by itself
C :  Which i think is a bit impractical for like nighttime if you wanna be watching television you wanna be quiet
C :  Or
C :  I don't know you have a busy to come round in the remote's only time to you it's a bit impractical to have just voice recognition by itself
C :  So you could have voice recognition and directly remote
C :  But imagine you got rid of the red a remote part
C :  Then you can design and the remote to look anyway you want it to look because in a restrictions on physical size or shape
C :  It it could be as fancy as you want it to be in a could be like a lollipop some ideas and we it like that
C :  As long as the voice recognition stuff works that's that's fine
B :  Okay yeah
C :  So we have three birds we have the design
C :  We have the uh the fancy bit right the voice recognition is fancy school it's different it's practical
C :  So
C :  And then we have an extra bit
C :  I don't remember
C :  I
C :  So i'm pretty sure people buy a remote that is a practical to have a voice recognition
C :  System in a remote control i think it's a big question
C :  And
C :  Or people
C :  Well people be willing to wait for the the period it'll take to train the remote "'cause" i think you will
C :  The remote ball i get that over time with the same user user
C :  But for the first week of the first two weeks are you willing to wait are you willing to have a bad remote control
C :  And uh well if you have visitors come out
C :  This they can i do we use the t. v. they can use the remote because they speak differently to you
C :  And how do you account for regional accents and stuff like that
C :  And
C :  What people would tend a remote control i think a lotta young people buy the remote control if they have the money you know so
C :  Well wouldn't have the money
C :  But what they would turn it so well because
C :  It's not as fast as pressing the button that's not a practical so
C :  These are things i think we should consider
B :  You could to
C :  I think it's cool
B :  You can speak about the
C :  And uh
B :  If you could desktop at the place yeah sorry
C :  Show on the white and yeah i think it's cool
C :  But that definitely some consideration is
B :  Okay
C :  So
B :  Excellent right
B :  Um
B :  Hear from be
B :  User interface design and i think my good idea
A :  Okay
B :  Um
D :  Okay
B :  You've got your presentation uh is it on the
A :  Yes and uh it's in the folder
D :  She a new information that
B :  Is it okay
C :  There was a web site
D :  Yeah
B :  Hmm
C :  Right here
B :  Technical functions
A :  Uh-huh
C :  Uh i started making stuff up gonna do an email saying
B :  Okay
A :  Okay isn't it
A :  Brief run through the um
A :  The technical functions of the remote as it is that the the the the presentation is uh already slide little too late because i uh uh
A :  Had in mind something that would that
A :  Mm be being the controlling multiple devices but to
A :  But still stuff of relevant so
B :  Okay
A :  Press on
A :  A lot of a
A :  But um mark
A :  Couple of our uh remote control model just for
A :  An idea of basic design principles that uh um
A :  And
A :  Was only set aside of water so i have to say so this is more sort of springboard for uh
A :  How this could be improved on
A :  Um and
A :  Basically the job of the device is to send commands to one appliance in this case the television set um
A :  To say you getting off your back side
A :  Um
A :  And there's two main trends in the in the third design practice
A :  On the one hand and sit
A :  This particularly relates to answer our list models where was here
A :  It is so so many buttons on is about the size of the television set
A :  Um in your if we possible function that that
A :  No the device has the remote control controls and most of these functions are
A :  Not going to be use decrease or rubber
A :  User unfriendly
A :  Interface
A :  And then there's a
A :  User focused approach that pairs things down to just what i what is most likely to get used
A :  Um
A :  With uh
A :  Uh and uh and of course there is a second i'm sorry what's the function here obviously but mostly that's relatively peripheral functions
A :  And so you've or something it's fairly intuitive to use
A :  And um
A :  Well sort of
A :  For those are for t. v. remote it's uh that that would be channel control and volume
A :  And if you if you if your own incorporate to uh
A :  Control that
A :  D. v. d. v. d. or a
A :  Speech you have to uh
A :  And uh another play pause stop rewind
A :  Fast forward
A :  So forth
A :  Um
A :  My only that we should definitely going for a user focus design
A :  Um
A :  But uh
A :  The post i think the problem with a lot of those are using focus designs that our product is that
A :  They
A :  To make assumptions in advance about what to uh
A :  Or to give a news is going to uh
A :  Wanted mobile want to do from one to do most
A :  So
A :  Something that's uh
A :  Uh something is more programmable
A :  That type of a perhaps has the full range of functions available to be you can then specify yourself
A :  What are most likely to want
A :  Um so those are then we uh accessible through
A :  Fairly minimal number of controls
A :  Um i like a pen is idea of
A :  Including a joystick in that
A :  And uh possibly sort of fairly minimal number function buttons
A :  Yeah just
A :  You don't have some sort of
A :  Basic display on it so that if you're
A :  Um
A :  Okay it change in different modes for the device it'll tell you just exactly court to uh
A :  In each direction of the uh
A :  Have the um the rest is it going to do a speech function buttons going to do
A :  This is actual so this is uh is like taking inspiration of of uh in controllers
A :  The playstation control where you have
A :  Four basic function buttons they're just mark was
A :  Um distinctive uh
A :  Symmetrical shapes
A :  But uh and then
A :  Dependent on what you're doing with it
A :  Or games
A :  Um
A :  Those are the those want an answer for uh specified is is taking
A :  Taking away from that
B :  Okay yeah
B :  Right um
B :  If we could hear from our industrial engineer or designer
D :  Yeah
D :  Yeah after work and stuff i'm gonna finish and
D :  Right
A :  Yeah
D :  We have to save on
D :  Where does the same
B :  If you look at the desktop to find it as a link to be the project folder
B :  Or project documents use even yeah we can open up from here
D :  Um but um yeah so
D :  Hmm
D :  Mm
B :  Are you finding okay no uh
D :  And so the closing and then i dunno where it's a
C :  I like if you go to one
C :  Or whichever one or
D :  Right that's okay
C :  Yeah i'm just passing yeah
D :  Right
B :  Okay
D :  Yeah
D :  Well this was for for working design
D :  And this is basically to
D :  Inside go on and off the
D :  The uh remote control so we have the energy source
D :  You have the user interface this this is what i've seen uh it
D :  The sender will push the button
D :  The chip or sponge
D :  Uh and then just visual signal sent to the t. v. so uh
D :  And if you got the next slide use it
D :  You see uh what do we need on the
D :  User interface do we need to
D :  And many buttons
D :  Or do we need to many like bolts uh could be easier to
D :  Yeah
D :  To realise which parts are on and off
D :  And
D :  With a take too much power of any more
D :  Um components in there to split there
D :  Um
D :  The joystick is another thing if we're gonna a past and
D :  To be more components to do with that
D :  Um
D :  So
D :  And we need to
D :  I don't know exactly what
D :  Does the design of the that the layout of the uh
D :  Electronic design
D :  But um
D :  How's it to be more details want to decide for pronounce user interface
B :  Okay
D :  So do we decide as i guess
D :  Uh in the next slide
D :  Oh yeah
D :  Um as you as a nice like that i just used he
B :  No no
C :  I
D :  It was a mess uh i was just put in
D :  I think it again at the end there
B :  Yeah to worry about it on it
D :  Yeah
D :  Yeah
D :  So you have it
D :  Energy source of see connected to the chip and user interface of sick contains anything
D :  You the switch turn on infra-red bulb
D :  Yeah
D :  Well contact t. v. and
D :  I have whatever the voice for d. v. d. player ball turn on sits on
D :  And so do we need
D :  On the control
D :  Uh different buttons to decide are different like bolt would be easier
D :  Um
D :  I dunno what we should decide on that
B :  Okay well
B :  Also on the majority are you is it yeah
D :  Not sufficient
B :  Okay right um
B :  I
B :  I would always get that right
B :  So we've had some stuff put forward um
B :  A long we've seen the user requirements
B :  Um we've had a lot of kind of into i'd say so far
B :  Um
B :  I i hear what the marketing expert saying about
B :  Uh and voice activity control
B :  However of call couple of worries about that
B :  The power required um and the ability to
D :  Cost yeah
B :  Cost
B :  It seems like for the embedded system
B :  This could call this issue is
B :  And for example you see that there is fairly robust services on uh computers v. and uh the a voice i. d. and do
B :  Um can i can dictate
B :  But he's require a lot of memory and usually um state quite advanced processor requirements
B :  Um
B :  Voice activation could be an interesting idea um
B :  But
B :  I think for our and
B :  And uh still design would probably
B :  All on some research save it maybe not feasible
B :  Um that's just my view right now
A :  Mm
B :  However the idea of a joystick and then maybe an l. c. d. which we can put forward so far
B :  It's almost like having a small
B :  Key not t. v.s it's a place you can control most all the functionality
B :  From display
B :  I don't know how much power an l. c. d. but take
B :  But it might be quite well
C :  Ah but
D :  L. c. d. on the remote just telling you what's on our
D :  Uh that
B :  But which we um
D :  Interactive that's it for
B :  If you could imagine a display maybe slightly larger found and both on it i
B :  Uh well for that
B :  So from where you can read and i'm very much information triggers maybe quite a few menus
B :  If we may be used mobile phones is a good example
B :  They easily incorporate you have to keep bad
B :  And and for all the other functionalities usually associate inside a bit reversing around
B :  That could be one possibility
B :  Um
B :  And then you could have like say a common buttons as you say
B :  Volume control
B :  Changing channels
A :  And so i think that the remote in the um
A :  Sir to fall functions for the joystick a bit up and down for
A :  Volume of my channels
B :  Be
D :  Do you think the people we can make so like
D :  To be looking at the screen and that screen and
D :  You know trying to
D :  Could have to work in would be the confusing
A :  Um
A :  I think roller for the first
A :  Couple of hours are using
D :  Yeah
A :  Um
A :  But yeah muscle memory is a wonderful thing
A :  Um
A :  I think yeah
A :  I think that size of that display was about what had in mind
A :  Um so
A :  Uh well
A :  I would say it to
A :  You probably
A :  Probably be required to um
A :  Remote most of the mobile phone display you see these days are colour should probably quite stick black and white
B :  I would agree with you
A :  It's it's it's simply to keep in keep the unit cost down
A :  Um
A :  I think
A :  Colour could be a two
A :  Subsequent development that to
A :  Cost a bit of extra my
A :  All once everyone's got the first year old colours that place
A :  It does nothing
B :  That would be my feeling is well i think we could possibly could quite useful user interface
B :  Um no i mean i don't know for go for it
C :  Sure but
C :  The idea of a remote where the menu and the joystick i think
C :  Like are you f. o.'s and i have the bomb remote controls then i would want one
C :  But i think
C :  We don't have a specific audience you know like what was our target or what that's what nature nice sure which one uh
C :  Mark i'm corner
C :  No you know and uh light
C :  For them is this intended everybody
B :  I think it could probably in that most people movies the mobile
B :  And that might be just another way of saying trying to target most people
C :  Not too right
B :  Um if we are
B :  If we were to folder having you
B :  We might these you know um
B :  We're kind of almost reminder experience of a mobile phone i suppose
B :  But that does cover a very large section of the people out there
C :  So i think that's fair
B :  Um
A :  Uh-huh
B :  I mean i imagine as well but the actual l. c. d. and
B :  Maybe to certain extent a joystick as well
B :  Would be for the additional functionality
B :  Which maybe just be used as often maybe it makes it easy for them to figure out how to
B :  Um
B :  Change the channels as in the frequencies and such for reprogram it
B :  Um and you still have the main buttons a lot of the people to turn the machine on and off
B :  The top and then it depends i mean maybe we have a full um the joystick as a separate one for v.
B :  Of our functions and there's just a uh a small number of as you're saying
B :  Uh buttons have already been to find
B :  So like to go for a nice standard um up and down
B :  For and volume control
B :  So that looks like anybody can come along pick up the remote and still know what to do
B :  And you can completely ignore
B :  Most the functionality which would be fair
B :  Sea view all the actual order of p. u. t. v. and who would normally you see in it
A :  Uh-huh
B :  I don't know
A :  Yeah i mean uh
A :  I think the thing i thought the uh
A :  The uh joystick is that to you you you then basically
A :  You can and basically put "'em" in for for t. t. v. um for t. v. remote phone you could put
A :  Um
A :  I mean oh i see the the the the main thing people do with the t. v. remote as the volume and channel
A :  You can pack or on to what's what's a single control
B :  Uh-huh
A :  Um
A :  But uh
A :  But um but then all uh all this leaf uh
A :  Yeah if you if you wanted access for the functions that you you you then get sort of menu navigation
A :  I mean with things like chat with things like chaining in channels
A :  Um yeah adjusting bright yeah
A :  Brightness and
A :  Philly things that no one really all those words
A :  Most t. v.s these days i try have menus anyway
A :  So should be a fairly rational way of integrated of a
A :  Integrating the uh
A :  The remote with the devices controlling
A :  Um
A :  Target a concern about
A :  Our market
A :  Um
A :  If we are
A :  I mean
A :  Most of the uh
A :  But the replacement remote market is
A :  So for two more remote control rationalisation
A :  Uh-huh you've got
A :  Twenty different devices in your living room
C :  Yeah
A :  You want one
A :  All know you want one but what do the job of all of them
A :  Um
A :  If all you replacing is one of that
A :  You know however many remote you have in your living room
A :  Um
A :  Yeah you still need separate remotes for everything else i think that to
B :  Well this is a requirement that we have to stick to i'm afraid this isn't one that i've just arbitrarily decided on
A :  Possibly
A :  Mm
A :  Yeah
B :  So um this is
B :  This is one of the solar ones that has to be a good for nine
A :  Uh-huh
B :  So i can understand your point and i would agree with you but
B :  This is our design spectra nine
B :  Great to say
B :  Um
A :  Well does that um
A :  Would that include them access to say
A :  Interactive functions on digital cable
C :  Yeah
B :  I would just say so yes because then we have to be able to control for a remote boxes and that as a separate unit
B :  Um i think that i would save it is i spent would be late with this for for television only for that
B :  And and to we hear otherwise we should go with just that
C :  Oh
C :  Okay specifically television
B :  Okay maybe wired differently um but
C :  So the joystick is
B :  For nine
C :  Just for
C :  Different guess
A :  Uh-huh
B :  To be easy for manipulation of certain functions yes
C :  Okay
A :  Just a thought
B :  Um
A :  Um
A :  Maybe in a market should be
A :  T. v. manufacturers are on the top
A :  Consulates as so that that supply with
A :  Um
B :  There's a possibility yes
B :  However i don't know exactly where we will be going with that but
B :  Might might even be the other give the marketing expert that might be
B :  Sales were not in this meeting
C :  Uh-huh
C :  It's just
C :  The way i through the twelve point five euros per unit
B :  Uh-huh
C :  We have to sell at least
C :  Like three minutes um like that
C :  Not to a channel for the
C :  Them and we waste remotes that no one by is you know like if we made
C :  A person if we made a
B :  Uh-huh
C :  They have a remote we may some board we have to settle on a remote controls with this
C :  This is gonna be enough to to so
B :  Well something else you brought up was have the ability to lose a remote which
B :  As you said you've done that we've probably all done
B :  Um i don't know if it's a gimmick or not but there's any of you ever seen was all the little key rings where she was all
B :  It will be pretty tell you where it is
C :  I had one of those amount of a a might that could be me out because it a one off or the time accidentally
A :  Yeah i've seen them
B :  Um
B :  Well the other option of course is that then
C :  The clapping one
B :  Be was gonna say clapping
B :  Um
B :  And that at all
B :  Telephones
B :  Uh if for example one unit has
B :  Of course you have to have that base unit somewhere there's a button but maybe it's a button that you attached to the t. v.
C :  The television
A :  Mm
B :  Something which you what when you press that
B :  It would be to give its location away on the remote unit
A :  Yeah i think it's a good idea yeah
B :  That could be something good um separate is a bit
C :  Yeah that's a good either
B :  And that way because we're taxing what would be a small button to t. v.
B :  Again say what
B :  It'd be a small transmitter um
B :  Watch battery type scenario it's a
B :  Or something that if it was
B :  Problems and off you could actually even just
B :  And
B :  I don't power and elsewhere some that might be something that we could look into
D :  Yeah
B :  Yep there's uh put on your shoulders yeah so i mean that could be something that separates is a bit of the market as well
C :  I think so yeah
D :  I
D :  I
B :  So
B :  To go on from here um
B :  We have to decide exactly what we're gonna do for a remote before we leave this meeting and be best to save this is what we're going this is the design we're gonna try and get this is how we're gonna make uh software unique
B :  Do we go for maybe a remote control uh sorry
B :  We're gonna go for a remote control was like to go for small joystick would operate say
B :  Changing channels up and down and then what another button
B :  That would save it it's now been used in the news around the l. c. d.
A :  Yeah
D :  We're saying volume
A :  Yeah i think that's
D :  Should volume important and the joystick you think
B :  We could use a v. left and right for changing channels and it up and down
A :  Yeah
A :  Volume
B :  For volume
C :  Well we have a frequency of how what people use a remote control for most
B :  And
C :  Um
B :  Okay
C :  Power is use like once per hour or channel selection is used a hand in sixty eight
B :  Uh-huh
C :  Yeah that's by far the biggest one
C :  And then teletext astoria
C :  That's fourteen
B :  Cool
C :  And volume selection
B :  Volume selection care yep the teletext we're down when we have more gonna say it
C :  No yeah
B :  It's dead
C :  Okay okay
B :  A way that a little
C :  Yeah um
B :  So we
B :  Well so are we could maybe even goes far as saying
B :  Power button
B :  Small joystick l. c. d.
B :  And then well maybe is it
B :  One more button to save it you using the menu system
B :  And the possibility of pushing them on the joystick to see okay
B :  So we're having very very few
B :  Buttons and falls
A :  Oh
B :  But navigation hour and a menu for most things
A :  But i would say make
A :  To to function buttons d. u. we're now using the menus button
A :  And um i dunno an okay button
B :  Okay
A :  And the service only have found with
A :  Joystick um more on that "'cause" it's a mobile phones
A :  Is that a lot of the time
A :  For the device mistakes you trying to move it one one direction or the other
A :  Pushing down for okay
B :  Okay
A :  Or vice versa
A :  That's really activity
C :  Uh-huh
B :  Mm
A :  Yeah but would it be a lid is designed constraint i think we should bear in mind is that people are looking at her she used to using a remote control one handedly
B :  Um
A :  Um so we need to make sure that even with the joystick
A :  Yes and we can just sit comfortably in the palm of the hand
A :  I have to trust it just corpus um
B :  Okay
B :  So um
B :  Well i'd say that says like a rough idea to incorporate the idea of trying to
B :  Locate the remote control again via
B :  A beeping noise
D :  Yeah think so
C :  Um i think because it's so smaller might be a know i mean if we only have like two or three buttons might be essential to have
B :  And we can have
C :  To have that
B :  Did did it to look at it again
C :  Yeah
B :  So that would require a um
B :  Transmitter may be attached to the t. v.
B :  This survey says find me
B :  And what basically a small microphone um on the actual unit
B :  Can maybe high in the base
D :  The light bulb was well no
B :  Sorry
A :  Right so small speaker unit
C :  Speaker yeah
B :  Is speaker sorry yeah
D :  Well apple know the flash or
B :  Um
D :  Yeah i it's it anyway you see here
B :  It does
B :  We might be better with the sound possibly we could maybe incorporate
D :  Yeah
C :  Does that look hearings have both so
B :  It's in fact considering the cost of an l. e. d. we could just incorporate a anyway the leds can be surprisingly great yeah
C :  Yeah
C :  Yeah
C :  Yeah
D :  Right
A :  Uh-huh blue ones particularly that's that's a nice design
B :  Um
B :  Uh-huh
C :  Yeah
B :  So by the sense that we've what we're suggesting so far your
B :  Designed um the user interface is to quite open you could go for quite an interesting design
B :  Because one another that if you keep then you've got
A :  Uh-huh
B :  In a small l. c. d.
B :  Joystick
B :  I i think it leaves you open to a a potential white range of shape or something you can make it stand it's like a
A :  Uh-huh
B :  Um if you could look into what we suggest so far the feasibility love
B :  Um small transmitter um
B :  And such
B :  Maybe
B :  If an l. c. d. screen requires too much power or
B :  Right
B :  It easier um
C :  Okay
B :  Marketing expert
C :  Well i can give you the frequency what
C :  People want options people use most often i guess that's gonna be important in its defining there
C :  The soft decided interface right
C :  You wanna stuff that are more
B :  Yeah if you could maybe use will see what people think that the idea of this minimalist approach we've taken aware of a joystick control very very basic functions
B :  And then the idea of manipulating it like you what the mobile
C :  Okay
B :  I don't know how easy that would be within that timeframe but could be something we could maybe look into
C :  Sure
C :  Sure
B :  Okay
B :  Um any last comments and it would you like put forward anything you think it's been disturbed
B :  But a wide open question of course
B :  Feel free to you know only a few thing that i was good something up and i wanna get rectified as soon as possible
C :  Yeah
C :  Okay yeah
B :  Right
D :  So we should just look at uh at the speaker but the speaker and an l. e. d.
D :  And
B :  Speaker in l. e. d. for locating um
C :  Transcribers
D :  And a transmitter
B :  Transmitter
A :  One one we thought about that
A :  Um
A :  If we do and that the market this that
A :  Television manufacturers then the um
A :  And the transmitter to that are be built into the television
B :  Because beginning external power source yep that's quite true
C :  For the
B :  Um
B :  And something that we can can use will be adopted at the last minute as well it's a
A :  Yeah
B :  Electronics to be see if they're placed externally or internally
B :  Which but if it's the final product of the art remote control so that's good
B :  This maybe this isn't a potential market
A :  Uh-huh
B :  Okay
A :  Yeah i think i mean if it if we get to make a television manufactured say uh all yeah we'll have that save us the ball or
A :  Then that's you know vast amounts of sales
A :  Quite quickly
B :  Cool
B :  One thing we've always not talked about at all my apologies for that
B :  Um user interface
B :  We also need to maybe get a slogan in here um
B :  It's i'm pointing at my laptop what card
D :  Fashion
B :  Real reaction
B :  It's not so um
D :  So i was
B :  Also yeah
D :  Yeah as long as we put the fashion in electronics is no
B :  My apologies know it could well be a problem is that um
D :  So as to look cool
B :  I think that's almost a last minute thing we can just incorporate into the actual plastic on top
B :  So i'm not too concerned
B :  That we haven't content today about that
B :  They might be something you could consider one thinking about shapes
B :  But we might like to put a small dunno on and
B :  Um
B :  A submitted to r.s to signify the company
B :  Rather than real reaction
A :  Yeah i thought the uh the double r. can perhaps uh
A :  Be the uh
D :  Of
A :  The enter button
B :  Sounds good
B :  And i'd say that that's us from there
A :  And uh
B :  Okay
D :  Hmm
A :  Uh
